# 1 -- The Mummy Walks

_Dust billows into the room and a shadow passes over your heart. You hear one of your friends the room with the Sarcophagus scream, a sound of delight and horror. A cold, damp voice shivers in your mind. "I lost my bride more years ago than you could possibly comprehend. My tears are dust, but my love is still as strong as the sun. Now my love is reborn to me. There is nothing you can do to keep us apart ... and if you turn against me, I will rip your soul from your body and swallow it whole."_

## Right Now

Set aside 2 Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular).

When a player's character enters the same room as the Girl token, that player takes the Girl card.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is trying to get the Mummy married to the Girl.

## You Win When ...

... you banish the Mummy back to the land of the dead before it marries the girl.

## How to Banish the Mummy

If the Book is not yet in play, then the next hero to discover a room with an Omen symbol should search through the Omen deck and draw it. You must speak the Mummy's true name from the Book to banish it. You must follow these steps, in order, to do this. Each hero can only attempt one step each turn.

1. A hero can attempt a Knowledge roll of 6+ to discover the Mummy's true name in one of the following rooms (by the following methods):

• the room with the Sarcophagus (studying hieroglyphics),
• the Research Laboratory (scanning the archaeological team's notes), or
• the Library (researching the Mummy's history).

If you succeed, take a Knowledge Roll token.

2. On a turn after you discover the name, a hero who holds the Book can attempt a Knowledge roll of 6+ to look up the Mummy's name in the book and learn the spell that will banish it. If you succeed, take a Knowledge Roll token.

3. Once you have two of these tokens, carry the Book to the same room as the Mummy. Any hero who occupies the same room as both the Book and the Mummy can try to defeat the Mummy in Sanity combat to complete a spell that banishes it forever.

The Mummy is immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver).

## If You Win ...

_A hot, dry wind whispers through the room as you slam the ancient tome shut. The mummy shuffles toward you, its eyes dead holes of despair. As its hands close around your throat, their wrappings disintegrate. The creature moans as more and more of its body crumbles and blows away in the hot wind. "My bride ... my only love ... no ... more ...."_
_As the last of the mummy disappears, the wind stops. You are alone._