# 10 -- Family Gathering

_The madman cocks his head, listening. "Do you hear it?" he asks his companion. "Under the floor, where I put them. My family."_
_The floor buckles and cracks, and corpses heave up into the light. One corpse fixes the madman's traitorous companion with a maggoty smile. As the corpse closes on its victim, the house shudders, as if in birthing pain. Then the dull beat of footsteps echoes throughout the house._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Madman and the Zombies want to kill you. You can trap the Zombies by luring them into the rooms that were important to them in life.

## You Win When ...

... you trap all of the Zombies.

## How to Trap Zombies

You can lure the Zombies into their favorite rooms by taking advantage of their single- minded natures.

Zombies don't move very fast, and a Zombie always moves toward the closest explorer that it can see.

You can use the Master Bedroom, Chapel, Conservatory, Game Room, Library, and Attic to trap the Zombies.

If a Zombie enters or starts a turn in one of those rooms, it must attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to avoid being trapped there. If it fails, it makes no attacks this turn and remains peaceably in that room for the rest of the game without making any further rolls.

Once a Zombie is trapped in a room, you can no longer use that same room to trap another Zombie.

## If You Win ...

_"Sorry, Mama!" screamed the Madman._
_A sob bubbled from between the rigor-locked gums of one of the shuffling corpses._
_You left Mama behind that night, but sometimes you think you can still hear her sobs trickling up through the floorboards._