# 11 -- Let Them In

_Outside the window, the mist roils. Are those shapes taking form in the vapors? From elsewhere in the house, you hear the Madman scream, "At last! Throw open the windows!"_
_The sound of windows opening, one after another, follows. A cold wind plays through the house, stirring your hair and whispering seductive threats in your ear._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Sanity Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Knowledge Roll tokens.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Specters are going to try to kill you. They can't be attacked physically.

## You Win When ...

... you banish all the Specters, either through an exorcism or by defeating each of them individually with Sanity attacks using the Ring card.

## How To Perform An Exorcism

You can perform an exorcism to banish all of the Specters. This requires a number of successful "exorcism rolls" equal to the number of players. Each roll requires a specific room or item, and each one requires a Sanity roll or a Knowledge roll. You can attempt only one exorcism roll during your turn.

• You can attempt a Sanity roll of 5+ to perform an exorcism while in the Chapel, Crypt, or Pentagram Chamber, or while holding the Holy Symbol or Ring.

• You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to perform an exorcism while in the Library or Research Laboratory, or while holding the Book or Crystal Ball.

Each time you succeed at an exorcism roll, put a Sanity Roll or Knowledge Roll token (depending on the trait you used) on the room tile or item card you used for that part of the exorcism.

If the heroes successfully use an item or room as part of an exorcism roll, no explorer can use that item or room in an exorcism again. (For example, if you attempt a successful Sanity roll in the Chapel, then you can't use the Chapel again.)

When the heroes have placed a number of these tokens equal to the number of players, the Specters are banished.

## Special Attack Rules

You can make Sanity attacks against a Specter if you have the Ring. If you defeat it, it's banished. If you defeat a Specter when it attacks you, the Specter is stunned.

While the Madman is focused on letting in the Specters, he won't attack explorers. He can still defend himself if attacked.

## If You Win ...

_The Rites have been observed. The exorcism succeeded. The windows are shut. The specters have been banished. But ... what's that flicker of motion outside the window? Best not to let them in again._