# 12 -- Fleshwalkers

_The crystal ball pulses with an image of the room you stand in, complete with a crystal ball that shows the image of the room you stand in, containing a crystal ball that shows the image of the room you stand in, and so on, as if you're falling into a well of identical images._
_Then a new image forms within, this time of the entrance hall, where people are arriving through the front door. They look familiar ... one of the newcomers glances up, locking eyes with you through the Crystal Ball. You blanch in recognition. They are YOUR eyes._
_It is your doppelgänger ... your evil twin._

## Right Now

Put a number of Evil Twin tokens (blue) in the Entrance Hall equal to the number of players. The tokens are numbered; each corresponds to a specific explorer.

The player to the left of the haunt revealer (the explorer who revealed this haunt) goes first.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

This haunt has no traitor. The Bad Guys are just like you, but evil ... they want to kill.

## You Win When ...

... your hero is alive and all of the Evil Twins are dead.

## The Evil Twins Must ...

... take their "monster turn" after the haunt revealer's turn.

An Evil Twin always rolls its movement as a monster and moves toward its counterpart by the shortest possible route. If an Evil Twin ends its turn in a room with an explorer (any explorer), it attacks. It will always attack its counterpart if possible. If it is in a room with more than one explorer but not its counterpart, determine which one it attacks randomly.

If a player's explorer is killed, that player takes control of that explorer's Evil Twin and uses it to attack other explorers.

## Evil Twins

Each Evil Twin has trait values equal to its counterpart's trait values at the start of the haunt. Those traits don't change.

Evil Twins can't carry items or have followers.

## Special Attack Rules

If you don't possess the Crystal Ball when you attack or defend against your Evil Twin, you lose 1 additional point in each of your traits, regardless of who defeats whom. If your twin defeats you, you also take damage normally. If you defeat your Evil Twin, you stun it.

If you fight someone else's Evil Twin, you do not take the extra damage. If you possess the Crystal Ball, you kill your Evil Twin if you defeat it.

If you defeat another explorer's Evil Twin, you stun it, unless you possess the Crystal Ball and that explorer is dead. In that case, you kill the Evil Twin when you defeat it.

The Crystal Ball holder can attack stunned Evil Twins. A stunned monster defends itself with its regular number of dice but does no damage if it rolls higher than its attacker.

You may take the Crystal Ball from another explorer in the same room on your turn if the explorer is willing to let you have it.

## If You Win ...

_Shuddering, you back away. Your body lies dead on the floor. Not YOUR body, you tell yourself. Your doppelgänger. You had to kill it. It meant to replace you, right? It was you or your doppelgänger, right?_
_Right?_