# 13 -- Perchance to Dream

_Wake up, wake up! Why won't the dreamer wake up?_
_One of your fellow explorers has fallen asleep in the bedroom. You poke and prod, and then deliver a stinging slap. Nothing wakes the dreamer. In a terrible place like this, that can't be good._
_The dreamer thrashes, crying out, "Come back! Don't do it!" Must be a nightmare._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Sanity Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Might Roll tokens.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The dreamer's subconscious mind has released Nightmares into the house. If an unknown number of Nightmares flee the house, you'll lose, so you must keep them from escaping. (The traitor has written down that number based on rules in the Traitor's Tome.)

## You Win When ...

... you wake the dreamer before an unknown number of Nightmares escape into the world. (The traitor knows that exact number.)

## How to Wake the Dreamer

You must bring the Holy Symbol to the dreamer's room and use it to wake that character.

1. Carry the Holy Symbol to the room with the dreamer's body in it.

2. As long as the Holy Symbol is carried by a hero in the room, any hero in the room can attempt a Sanity roll or Might roll of 5+ to wake the dreamer. Each time you succeed, take a Sanity Roll or Might Roll token. The dreamer awakens when the heroes have a number of these tokens equal to the number of players.

3. The Smelling Salts card can't be used to awaken the dreamer.

## Special Attack Rules

Nightmares do mental damage instead of physical damage.

If a Nightmare is defeated, it's killed instead of being stunned.

## If You Win ...

_The roaming nightmares lose all cohesion and vanish. The dreamer ceases thrashing, but gives voice to one final scream in a deep, hellish voice -- "NOOOOO! Don't make me go back!"_
_Your friend wakes, blinking, and in a normal voice says, "I had the strangest dream."_