# 14 -- The Stars Are Right

_The bookshelves of this old mansion are packed with sinister tomes. Horrible titles speak of Evil, Death, Madness, and the names of Things That Should Not Be. Why did your companions bring you to this macabre collection? What forbidden knowledge would they hope to gain?_
_Your questions are answered when rhythmic chanting echoes through the corridors. The cult that inhabits this house is shouting to summon an ancient creature—and the loudest voice is that of your traitorous companion. The traitor is here to complete the ritual by bringing them everything they need ... including human sacrifices._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Paint tokens (pentagonal) equal to the number of players. Put one in each of the following rooms, in order (as many as you can): Kitchen, Larder, Junk Room, Storeroom, Research Laboratory, Attic. If there are more Paint cans than there are rooms, you may put more than one token in a room, again in order. If none of these rooms are in play, search through the room stack until you find one of them and put it in play on a legal floor, then put all Paint tokens in it.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is working with a fanatic cult. They're trying to summon their god by bringing an unknown number of sacrifices into the Pentagram Chamber. They can sacrifice items and a few specific omens ... along with the explorers' corpses.

## You Win When ...

... you desecrate the Pentagram.

## How to Desecrate the Pentagram

You can desecrate the Pentagram Chamber by finding cans of paint (Paint tokens) and throwing them on the floor of that room.

• Pick up the cans of Paint (Paint tokens) scattered around the house. You can carry only one can of Paint at a time.

• You can throw a can of Paint into the Pentagram Chamber from an adjacent room with a connecting door. Doing this counts as one space of movement.

• You must throw every can of Paint in the house into the Pentagram Chamber to desecrate the pentagram.

## Special Attack Rules

If your explorer is killed, tip your figure over in its room. A Cultist (or the traitor) can then pick up your explorer's body like an item and carry it. (That player then takes your figure to show that it's being carried.) While the traitor or a Cultist is carrying your body, moving into a room counts as two spaces of movement.

## If You Win ...

_The house shakes and you hear glass shattering around you. The walls sweat as the cultists' dread god draws near._
_Just as your world is about to be torn away from you, paint splashes across the wooden floor, desecrating the pentagram. You stop the horrible ritual. The world is safe, for now, but the echoes of the cultists' chant still burn your ears. Clutching at your head, you feel blood dripping steadily from your damaged ears._
_In time your body will heal ... but will your soul?_