# 15 -- Here There Be Dragons

_One of your fellow explorers stoops, picks up a scrap of paper from the floor, then mumbles something you can't quite hear. Before you can ask your friend what it is, the front doors burst open._
_An enormous dragon roars in, rampaging and snorting fire! Your friend frowns, then points, yelling,"Eat them, dragon! Eat them all!"_

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Dragon wants to kill you all. It can breathe fire and bite. You'll need weapons and armor to defeat such a ferocious beast.

## You Win When ...

... you slay the dragon.

## How to Slay the Dragon

You don't need any special items to kill the Dragon, but the Dragon is so tough that you'll need the Antique Armor token (pentagonal), the Shield card, and the Spear card to have much chance at success. (The Antique Armor and Shield are both somewhere in the basement.)

The Antique Armor: The Antique Armor is in the basement. (This is a unique item that's separate from the Armor item card.) The Antique Armor can't be stolen with a special attack. You can't wear the Antique Armor and the Armor at the same time.

• You can use a full turn to put on the Antique Armor or take it off and give it to another character. You can't move or do anything else during that turn.

• While you wear the Antique Armor, you take 5 less points of physical damage. You move one fewer space during your turn while wearing it. It doesn't protect you against fire or heat damage.

The Shield: When you carry the Shield, you're immune to fire and heat damage, but it's very heavy: you move one fewer space each turn while you're carrying it. Remember, you can always move at least one space every turn. Every hero in the same room as the hero carrying the Shield is immune to the Dragon's firebreathing attack.

The Spear: The Spear is particularly good against the Dragon. In addition to the Spear's Might bonus, when you make a Might attack (or have to defend) against the Dragon, add 4 to the result of your roll.

## Special Attack Rules

If you're hit by the Dragon's firebreathing attack, you can choose to discard an item and take 2 less points of physical damage. You can do this with multiple items, each time reducing the damage taken by 2 points.

The traitor keeps track of the amount of damage you inflict to the Dragon and announces when it has been defeated.

## If You Win ...

_The dragon quivers, then lies still as tendrils of smoke rise up from its nostrils. Its carcass is bloodied from combat, but not nearly so bloody as your friends._
_Now you must deal with the traitor, who stands grinning like an idiot. As you advance, your former friend realizes you mean to make restitution._
_"But this is a dream!" protests the traitor. Rather poignant, for last words._