# 16 -- The Phantom's Embrace

_Your companion was always a little too obsessed with that girl, jealous of her friendship with you. Now he's trapped the poor girl inside the house. You hear her scream, her voice rising in pitch, higher and higher. Then silence. Just as you fill your lungs to shout for the girl, a deep laugh echoes from below. As it fades, you hear a quiet ticking. It sounds like the timer on a bomb. Just like it, in fact. What madness is this?_

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Your traitorous companion has summoned a Phantom to guard the Girl. She's hidden in the basement somewhere, and the traitor has set a trap for you. You can hear a bomb ticking away. You don't have much time.

## You Win When ...

... you rescue the Girl and then either defuse the bomb or escape with her from the house before it blows up.

## How to Rescue the Girl

First you must find the Phantom and rescue the Girl. Then you need to find and defuse the bomb ... or get out quick.

• The Phantom (and the Girl) will appear in the next basement room you discover with an event or omen symbol. The traitor places their tokens in the room.

• Instead of drawing an event card for that room, you must attack the Phantom. If you defeat the Phantom, you kill him and retrieve the Girl. If the Phantom defeats you, then you take damage normally and he escapes with the Girl (both tokens are removed from the house). The Phantom will again show up in the next basement room you discover with an event symbol.

• After the entire basement has been explored, the traitor chooses any basement room and puts the Phantom and the Girl there. The Phantom never moves to the same room twice.

## How to Defuse the Bomb

Once during your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 7+ in the room where the Phantom was defeated to defuse the bomb.

## How to Escape from the House

You can attempt a Knowledge roll (picking the lock) or a Might roll (breaking the door) of 6+ to open the front door in the Entrance Hall. If you succeed, draw an event card at the end of your turn. On subsequent turns all explorers can move out the front door to escape.

## If You Win ...

The girl sobs in your arms as you flee the ancient manor house. You can still hear that infernal ticking, even though you've escaped. Glancing back at the mansion, you see a lone shape standing in an upper window. The shape raises a hand to the glass just as you pass through the iron gates of the estate.