# 17 -- A Breath of Wind

_As you move through the room, some of the debris begins to shake. You stoop to examine it, but it lifts off the floor, quickly followed by more. Soon, a cloud of broken objects spins through the air, and you hear a cackle of insane laughter as pieces of jink begin to launch themselves towards you._

## Right Now

Set aside several pentagonal item tokens to represent Candles.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

They are trying to kill you.

## You Win When ...

... you exorcise the Poltergeits.

## How to Perform the Exorcism

This exorcism ritual requires the burning of Candles.

1. Once each turn, if you are in the Kitchen, Dining Room, Chapel or Gallery, you can attempt a Speed roll of 3+ to find a Candle. (More than one Candle can be found in the same room). If successful, place a Candle token on your character card.

2. If you are carrying a Candle, you may discard it in any room on the floor where the haunt was revealed and attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ If successful, place the Candle token in that room; no more Knowledge rolls may be made in that room. If you fail, the Candle is lost; return the token to the set-aside pile. Once a Candle token has been placed in a room, it cannot be picked up by the Poltergeist or the traitor. When you have placed a number of Candle tokens equal to the number of heroes when the haunt was revealed, you exorcise the Poltergeist.

3. A hero with the Candle item card can use (and discard) that item instead of a Candle token when attempting a Knowledge roll. Put a pentagonal item token in that room on a success.

## Special Attack Rules

• The Poltergeist is immune to Might attacks, and it cannot be harmed by the Revolver. The Dynamite does affect it (the Traitor's Tome describes what happens).

• Any hero in the room with the Poltergeist may attack it with speed. If you defeat it, you inflict no damage, but you can steal one item it is carrying. If it defeats you, take 1 die of physical damage instead of normal combat damage.

• A hero carrying the Ring, the Skull, or the Bell can attack the Poltergeist with Sanity. If you defeat it, decrease the Turn / Damage track by the difference in your rolls. If it defeats you, take 1 die of mental damage instead of normal combat damage.

## If You Win ...

_The candle sputters and burns your hand as you numbly recite the words for the final time. With a sickening crash, the airborne debris flies in all directions, overturning tables and denting the walls. Then, all is still._