# 18 -- United We Stand

_You heard your friend scream but by the time your arrived, he was already a monster, flesh flowing and bubbling across bones like molten rubber. Flesh like that can't be cut or torn with normal weapons. But fire-fire will melt it all away. A big enough fire will burn away your monstrous friend and all the horror of this house forever._

## Right Now

If the Stairs from Basement tile is not in the house, search the room stack for it and place it in the basement. Then shuffle that stack.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor hungers for your flesh, and only burning down the house will kill the monster.

## You Win When ...

... the house fire kills the traitor.

## How to Kill the Evil Plant

• You need to discover and move to the Furnace Room. Once there, make a Knowledge roll of 5+. On a success, you set the furnace to overheat.

• At the end of the subsequent turn of the hero who set the furnace to overheat, the Furnace Room explodes. Turn its tile over so that its back is showing. Any explorer (including the traitor) in the room is killed.

• From then on, at the end of every explorer's turn (including the traitor's) a new room catches fire, killing anyone in it (flip the tile over). A room can't catch fire unless it is adjacent to one that has already burned. The adjacent rooms don't need to have connecting doors. Dead heroes' players cannot cause the fire to spread, but the traitor must always do so.

• When the fire reaches the Stairs from the Basement, a subsequent explorer can choose to destroy the Foyer. Then the fire spreads from there to the Entrance Hall and Grand Staircase. Mark these rooms with pentagonal item tokens to show they have been destroyed. The fire can also spread from the Basement Landing up the Coal Chute, on from a basement room up to the Collapsed Room.

• When the fire destroys the Foyer, the Entrance Hall and the Grand Staircase, the house collapses, killing anyone left inside.

## How to Escape the House

• You can attempt a Knowledge roll (picking the lock) or a Might roll (breaking down the door) of 4+ to open the front door in the Entrance Hall. If you succeed, draw and event card and end your turn. On subsequent turns, all explorers can move 1 space out the front door from the Entrance Hall to escape.

• The traitor can't initially move through the front door - the escaping heroes bar it behind them.

## If You Win ...

_The house collapses into blazing inferno. A fitting end for such an evil place, you think, and the horrible thing your friend became. Still, as you stare at the red-hot flames, you can't help but admire the secret lost in them. After all, aren't we all stronger when united?_