# 19 -- A Friend for the Ages

_You have long head that this house is the home of an ancient evil force. The gallery is lined with many antique paintings, beautifully framed but now collecting dust. As you gaze at the works of art, your eye falls upon one that looks strangely familiar. You see the face of one of your friends, but marred by age and mortal wounds. Beneath the painting is a dusty placard reading: "To a friend for the ages. May death itself refuse you while this world endures"._

## Right now

• Take a number of pentagonal item tokens (representing cans of paint) equal to the number of heroes + 2.

• Also set aside a number of triangular Knowledge Roll tokens equal to the number of heroes.

• Place the Paint tokens in the following rooms: Attic, Abandoned Room, Collapsed Room, Patio, Statuary Corridor, Storeroom and Wine Cellar. Place one Paint token in each room. If there are more rooms in play than you have Paint tokens, place the tokens in the rooms farthes from any explorer. If you have more Paint tokens than there are suitable rooms in play, set the extra tokens aside. Each time an eligible room is discovered, put a Paint token in it.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is protected by a mistical portrait, which absorbs all his or her ills and infirmities. He or she is trying to protect it at all costs.

## You Win When ...

... you brak the portrait's spell by repainting it, or the traitor is dead.

## How to repaint the portrait

• Paint tokens can be picked up, dropped, traded and stolen like regular items, but cannot be carried by the Dog. Each explorer can carry only one Paint token at a time.

• If you are in the Gallery and carrying a Paint token, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ on your turn to repaint the portrait. If this roll is successful discard the Paint token and place 1 Knowledge Roll token in the room. A hero cannot do this more than once per turn.

• When you have placed a number of Knowledge roll tokens in the Gallery equal to the number of heroes when the haunt began, the spell is broken.

## Special Attack Rules

The traitor cannot be harmed by normal means. If you defeat the traitor in physical combat by 2 or more, you can steal an item from him or her.

Exception: When a hero wearing the Amulet of the Ages defeats the traitor in combat, the traitor's trait take damage as normal.

## If You Win ...


_As you make the last stroke, you feel the painting finally yield to your brush and give up the power it contains. You traitorous companion staggers, hair growing long and white, face wrinkling, until the ancient body simply falls apart. In a moment, nothing remains but a pile of dust._

_But as you look at the new portrait before you, you wonder... where have you seen that face before?_