# 2 -- The Séance

_A dread chill descends upon the house, and mist rises in lazy coils from the floor. A voice clatters through the air, "I must rest ... put my soul to rest ... or die ...."_

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Sanity Roll tokens (triangular), a Ghost token (light green), and a Corpse token (crimson).

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is trying to summon a Ghost before you do.

## You Win When ...

... you either defeat the Ghost after the traitor controls it, or you bury the Ghost's bones after you summon it.

## How to Summon the Ghost

There's a race between you and the traitor to summon the Ghost.

Each hero can attempt a Knowledge roll or Sanity roll of 5+ to conduct a séance. An explorer can attempt either one of these rolls during his or her turn, but only while that character is in the Pentagram Chamber.

Each time one of these rolls succeeds, put a Knowledge Roll or Sanity Roll token (as appropriate) in the room where the haunt was revealed. When the heroes have a number of those tokens equal to half the number of players (round down), they've completed the séance.

The traitor is also conducting a séance. If the heroes complete a séance before the traitor does, they summon the Ghost and control it (follow the instructions in the next section). If the traitor completes the séance first, the traitor summons the ghost and gains control.

## If You Summon the Ghost First

Ghost's declaration (read aloud): _"Bury my bones!"_

Put the Ghost token in the room where the last séance roll succeeded. It stays there until you lose control of it.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip on the number 1. At the end of each subsequent turn of the player who completed the séance, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number. You have until Turn 5 to bury the Ghost's bones.

Once during your turn, while you're in the Attic, Bedroom, or Master Bedroom, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to find the bones. If you succeed, put a Corpse token on that explorer's character card to represent that item.

Carry the bones to the Crypt or the Graveyard. While you are in one of those rooms, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ once during your turn to find the right gravestone and bury the bones.

While you're doing this, the Ghost can't attack anyone. If you fail to bury the bones by the start of Turn 5, the traitor gains control of the Ghost, following the instructions in the Traitor's Tome under "If You Summon the Ghost First." If this happens, burying the bones is no longer enough to placate the Ghost; now you must destroy it.

## Special Attack Rules

No one can attack until after the séance has been completed.

While the traitor controls the Ghost, you can attack it, but only if you are capable of making a Sanity attack. You can make Sanity attacks against it with the Ring. You can make Sanity attacks without the Ring while you are in the Pentagram Chamber with the Ghost. One of these Sanity attacks must succeed for the ghost to be destroyed.

If the Ghost attacks and rolls lower than a hero, it is not harmed.

## If You Win ...

_The mists recede and the terrible cold clutching at your heart slowly fades. A feeling of calm and contentment rises up in its place. A soul is at peace._