# 20 -- Ghost Bride

_An apparition in white lace shimmers into view. "You've left me alone these long years," speaks a feminine voice, "but I waited. For you. For our wedding." The ghost glides toward one of your fellow explorers and says, "Once you're dead like me, we will be together forever."_
_The ghost fades, but the faint sound of an organ playing a wedding march sighs gently through the house._

## Right Now

If the Crypt isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it in the basement. Then shuffle the stack.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Ghostly Bride thinks one of the explorers is her new groom.

## You Win When ...

... you find the wedding ring (the Ring card) and the body of the real groom, then present them to the Bride in the Chapel before she marries your friend.

## How to Stop the Ghost's Wedding

You must discover the groom's name and his buried body. Then you must take the body and the Ring to the Chapel so you can put the Bride's soul to rest. This stops the wedding.

To do all this, you must follow these steps, in order. Each step can be attempted only once each turn.

1. You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ while in the Bedroom, Dining Room, or Library, or while examining the Book (her old diary), to figure out the real groom's name.

2. You can then attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ in the Crypt to locate the body of the Bride's real groom.

3. Once the body is discovered, you can attempt a Might roll of 4+ in the Crypt to disinter it.

4. Once the body is disinterred, carry it to the Chapel. (Use the Corpse token to represent the groom's body.) The body is heavy. While you're carrying it, moving into a room counts as two spaces of movement. You can give the body to another explorer as you would pass an item.

5. Carry the Ring to the Chapel. It doesn't matter whether the body or the Ring reaches the Chapel first.

Once you have the body of the real groom and the Ring in the Chapel, the ghostly Bride will appear there and finally rest in peace.

## Special Attack Rules

You must possess the Ring to make Sanity attacks against the Bride. Otherwise, she can't be attacked.

## If You Win ...

_Crypt dirt cakes your neck and grits your eyes, but you found what you sought: the shriveled, mummified corpse of a long-buried groom. You force the ring onto its fragile finger. Finally, you heave your burden across the threshold of the Chapel, where it falls with a sickening crunch, scattering bones and hair._
_The apparition in white lace appears and hovers over the corpse. From the corpse's broken form rises an apparition in black. Linking hands, the two fade slowly, lovingly, from existence._