# 21 -- House of the Living Dead

_What's all that racket? It sounds like something coming up through the floor or the walls. Oh dear god! Decaying bodies, rot-blackened teeth, grave breath! Yellow and black pus-filled corpses snatch at you with death-slender arms. They're everywhere!_
_They're going to feast on your flesh, ripping off chunks of it with their blackened teeth. But you won't die. Eternally hungry, your mutilated corpse will join the undead as another mindless zombie._
_You must stop them somehow!_

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

They are slow (but tough) Zombies. They want to kill you all. An ancient Zombie Lord controls them.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy either the Zombie Lord or all of the Zombies.

## Special Attack Rules

If you're killed, you become a Zombie on your next turn. The traitor will then tell you your new traits.

You can attack and destroy a Zombie with any weapon that requires a Might attack. Dynamite can also kill Zombies, but they are immune to the Revolver. Without one of these weapons, you stun it when you defeat it. If you take damage from a Zombie, it doesn't matter whether you have one of these weapons or not.

Whenever a hero has the opportunity to draw an item, that hero may draw three items, choose one, and put the others on the bottom of the deck.

If you have the Holy Symbol, all Zombies who make Might attacks against you roll two fewer dice. (This doesn't affect the Zombie Lord.)

You can only damage the Zombie Lord if you have the Medallion. The medallion holder does not need to use a weapon to damage the Zombie Lord, but any weapon he or she wields can damage it. The traitor keeps track of the damage done to it and announces when it has been destroyed. The attacks of Heroes who do not hold the Medallion have no effect on the Zombie Lord (they do not stun him).

## If You Win ...

_The noise of flesh being rent by those corpse- gray hands ... the horrible, horrible chomping sounds that followed ... you can hear it still. It is a sound that will wake you in the dead of night for years to come. Each time you hear it, you almost imagine something shifting in the walls. Then you roll over and go back to sleep. Checking for the origin of those sounds never leads to anything good._