# 23 -- Tentacled Horror

_Ropy lengths of muscled tissue flail into view. Jagged, horn-rimmed suckers cover the boneless arm, pulsing and clicking like disembodied teeth. The rubbery length scuttles across a fellow explorer's leg, then tightens convulsively. Toothed suckers saw at your friend's limb, nearly severing it, before he is pulled out of sight as if being reeled in. Your friend's screams grow fainter in the distance before abruptly stopping. Then the tentacle returns._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

A tentacled horror is searching for you. Each of its tentacles is reprented by a Tip token and a Root token. If a tentacle Tip pulls you to its matching Root, you'll be killed at the start of the next monster turn, unless you're rescued first. The tentacles grow stronger over time.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy the creature.

## How to Destroy the Creature

Find the Head of the Tentacled Horror and destroy it by doing the following:

• The hero holding the Crystal ball must use it to find where the creature's head is. A hero holding the ball must make a Knowledge roll of 4+ to gaze into it successfully, with the negative consequences listed on the card for an unsuccessful roll. If the roll is successful, instead of using the Crystal Ball to find a card, roll four dice to determine where the Head of the creature is located:

Result - Room

0 - Larder

1 - Kitchen

2 - Organ Room

3 - Chasm

4-5 - Underground Lake

6 - Conservatory

7 - Crypt

8 - Furnace Room

• The Crystal Ball shatters after it's used to find the creature. Discard that card.

• If the room has not been discovered yet, go through the room deck until you find it. Then give it to the Traitor, and tell him or her to connect it to any unexplored doorway on an appropriate floor. (The Underground Lake should be put in the Basement).

• Move to the room with the creature's Head and make an attack against it with the Dynamite or the Spear. No roll is needed. You automatically kill the creature when you make an attack against it with either of these items. (You don't take damage from the Dynamite.)

## Special Attack Rules

When you defeat a tentacle Tip with any attack, or when it attacks you, it is stunned and retreats to its Root. Put it in the same room as the Root.

When you defeat a Tip that is carrying an explorer, it drops that explorer in the room where it was defeated; put the Tip back in the same room as its Root.

Roots don't slow your movement as described on page 12 of the rules. Only Tips do.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

If a tentacle Tip grabs you, you must attack it at the start of your next turn. If you defeat it, the Tip will drop you and retreat, but for the rest of the turn, each room you move into counts as two spaces of movement. If you are defeated or tie, you take no damage, but your turn is over.

## If You Win ...

_The sucker-rimmed tentacle lashes back and forth in agony, bringing down part of the ceiling and then one wall. A scream begins far below your senses and ripples up through the scale, ascending beyond your puny hearing. The creature's last call penetrates dimensions you cannot imagine._
_Finally, that which should not be is no more. You suspect you'll only meet it again in your dreams._