# 24 -- Fly Away Home

_You hear a shushing, sandpapery sound growing louder outside the house. Looking out a window, you see a great swarm of bats with glowing red eyes. Pulling the curtains, you back away from the terrible sight. But then you hear it. A thump ... then another ... then a horrid, choking laugh. Shush, shush, shush._
_They're here._

## Right Now

If the Organ Room isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it in the house. Then shuffle the stack.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has let bloodsucking Bats into the house. The Bats have already killed the traitor. Now they want to kill you.

## You Win When ...

... you drive away the Bats by making the appropriate noises with the pipe organ (in the Organ Room), and then kill any Bats that are attached to explorers.

## How to Drive Away the Bats

You've heard that loud noises confuse Bats. You must start the pipe organ in the Organ Room to drive the Bats away, and then kill the Bats that remain. To do this, you must follow these steps, in order. Each step can be attempted only once each turn.

1. Move to the Organ Room. Once there, you can attempt a Might roll of 5+ to start the pipe organ.

2. Once an explorer has started the pipe organ, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 6+ in the Organ Room to make the appropriate noises that will drive away all the unattached Bats. This also prevents any more Bats from entering the house. (An explorer whose hobby is music can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ instead to create those noises with the pipe organ.)

3. Finally, attack and kill any Bats that are attached to heroes.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

At the beginning of your turn, take 1 point of physical damage for each Bat that is attached to you. If you have the Armor, you take 1 less point of damage from this.

## Special Attack Rules

You can attack a Bat, including a Bat attached to you or another explorer, with a Might attack. If you defeat it, it's killed instead of being stunned.

Unattached Bats don't affect explorer movement. However, you move one fewer space during your turn for each Bat that is attached to you. (An explorer can always move a minimum of one space.)

## If You Win ...

_The last of the bloated bats crumples to the ground, and the room seems to grow brighter. Looking up, you see the faint light of dawn gleaming in the east. The shushing outside fades to silence. You shake in relief, knowing you won't have to spend another night here._