# 25 -- Voodoo

_You crack a journal you found, seeing that instead of a diary, each page contains a taped- down photograph of what looks for all the world like a voodoo doll. All of the pictures have been defaced. Each one has a big red mark slashed through the image. Weird. But wait, the last few pictures are not defaced. That one sort of looks like one of your friends! And this one sort of looks like you ..._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has hidden voodoo dolls throughout the house. Each one is linked to a hero. The dolls are in dangerous places. As the Turn/Damage Track advances, the effects of these voodoo dolls will get worse.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy all of the dolls and at least half (rounding up) of the original heroes are still alive.

## How to Destroy the Dolls

First, you must follow the traitor's hints to find the rooms with the dolls. Then you must find the dolls in the room and destroy them. (You can ask the traitor to repeat any of the hints she's given.)

For this scenario, the rule is suspended that states that explorers must stop when they enter a previously unexplored room with an icon. You may explore as many new rooms as you wish and only draw a card if the room where you end your movement has an icon. You must also draw a card if you search for a doll in a newly- discovered room with an icon.

• Move to a room where you think any doll is hidden. The traitor will announce clues that will help you figure out which rooms have voodoo dolls.

• You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 2+ to search for a doll. If you make the roll, ask the Traitor if there is a doll in that room; he or she must answer truthfully. You can search one room during your turn. (You won't find the doll unless you're in the right room.)

• Once you find a doll, you can automatically destroy it if it corresponds to you. You may find the location of any doll, but you can only safely destroy your own doll.

If a hero dies, that hero's doll is also destroyed.

## If You Win ...

_You snatch up the doll, looking into its button eyes. Eyes, for all their lifelessness, still eerily like your own. No! You dash the doll, over and over, upon the floor. The button eyes shatter. The stitching bursts. Finally, even the material splits, leaving only rents of fabric and debris. The doll is destroyed._
_Wait, what have you done? That wasn't the brightest thing to do with a voodoo doll. You don't feel well ... but it could have been much worse._