# 26 -- Pay the Piper

_Those damned noises! You pound your hand against the wall, and the skitter, skritch, scratch instantly ceases._
_"You see?" you tell your friends. "Vermin infest the walls. Insects, maybe, or rats."_
_Seconds later the skitter, skritch, scratch begins anew, louder than before. That must be some infestation!_
_One of your fellow explorers listens to the sounds with an expression of joy so extreme it almost seems like pain. Your friend's gaze finds yours. You never noticed before how rat-like your friend looks. Your traitorous companion says one word in a horribly high voice, one you've never heard used before: "Feed!"_
_Small bodies flood from under the baseboards! Rats! Swarms and swarms of rats!_
_It's you or them._

## Right Now

Before the traitor places Rat tokens in the house, put any explorer in the Pentagram Chamber in an adjacent room instead. (That room doesn't need to have a connecting door.)

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is performing a wicked rat-thing ritual in the Pentagram Chamber. You can only stop the ritual by quickly killing every Rat in the house. Watch out for swarms of Rats attacking together.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy all the Rats or you kill the traitor before that character gets to the Pentagram Chamber.

## Special Attack Rules

If you inflict damage to a single Rat, you kill it.

The heroes can't affect the traitor in any way while that character is in the Pentagram Chamber. Neither the Rats nor the heroes can enter the Pentagram Chamber.

## If You Win ...

_Rat bites bleed on your arms, legs, and scalp. The vermin nearly overwhelmed you. You can still feel their tiny, warm, furry, jostling bodies, all straining to scratch, bite, and swarm. But the swarms are dead at last. You hope you're finally safe._
_... skitter, skritch, scratch ..._