# 27 -- Amok Flesh

_Your friend mumbled something about a "contaminated sample" when you showed him the nifty crystal sphere. Did he recognize it? You hold the sphere to your eye, peering into its depths. A clot of something baby-ping is caught in the center._
_The crystal pulses in your hand. Startled, you drop it. The glass shatters like a dropped egg. A fleshy blob now lies exposed amidst the splinters, like a quivering yolk ..._
_... a yolk that bubbles and expands, doubling its size every few seconds! You almost trip as you back away. The blob surges forward, as if trying to take advantage of your fall. If you hadn't caught yourself, it would have rolled right over you._
_Will it never stop growing?_

## Right Now

The player with the Crystal Ball card discards it. Whoever is in that room should move away quickly, because that's where the Blob will start growing.

Set aside a number of Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Sanity Roll tokens.

What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Blob is spreading. If you end up in a room with a Blob token, you'll be turned into a blob- person. (Your new goal is to help the traitor win.)

## You Win When ...

... you destroy the Blob.

## How To Destroy the Blob

Once during an explorer's turn, if that character is in a room adjacent to a Blob token (with a connecting door), he or she can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+ to examine the Blob. Each time this roll succeeds, put a Knowledge Roll token on that character's card.

Finding the Blob's weakness requires a number of successful rolls equal to the number of players. When the last roll succeeds, set aside all of those tokens again.

Once the Blob's weakness has been found, you'll need to find the proper chemical formula to kill it. Creating the formula requires a number of ingredients equal to the number of players. Once during an explorer's turn, that explorer can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+ to search for an ingredient in any of the following rooms: Attic, Conservatory, Furnace Room, Gardens, Library, either Laboratory, Junk Room, Kitchen, Larder, Storeroom, an open Vault, and the Wine Cellar. Put a Knowledge Roll token on that explorer's character card after each success to represent the item you found. Then put a Sanity Roll token in that room; the roll can't be attempted in that room again.

An explorer can use one space of movement while in an adjacent room (with a connecting door) to throw an ingredient into the Blob. When an explorer does this, transfer a Knowledge Roll token from that explorer's character card to the Blob. Once a number of ingredients equal to the number of players has been thrown into the Blob, the entire Blob is destroyed.

## If You Win ...

_You grasp the beaker tightly, its paraffin wrap preventing the green contents from sloshing out. You hope that your solution is right. You won't get another chance._
_The burble and half-digested screams of the blob sound in the next chamber. With a quick prayer, you toss the beaker into the roiling expanse of pulsating flesh. The blob absorbs the beaker instantly._
_The house shakes as if caught in an earthquake. The blob is shaking, evaporating, steaming away as it consumes itself in a violent convulsion!_
_All that remains are pools of fetid liquid, cast-off bits of clothing, bits of bone, a few stray teeth, and strands of half-dissolved skin._