# 28 -- Ring of King Solomon

_Idly studying the ring, your eyes suddenly catch inscriptions you'd missed earlier. Did they just appear? The strange marks look almost like pictograms, but even as you stare at them, they rearrange themselves into a language you can read:_
_"King Solomon's Ring."_
_The letters morph once more: "Demons Bow To You."_
_And, then, one last shift: "The Hellgate is open."_
_The house quakes. A hot, sickly-sweet wind blows through the house. A scream, promising an eon of pain, sounds from another room. You've never heard anything so terrible, nor can you imagine what sort of creature could give voice to something so purely malicious._
_Except, perhaps, a demon from Hell._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Different Demons have different physical and mental traits. They are entering the house through a portal from Hell. They want to kill everyone.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy the Demon Lord using the Ring. To do this, you must defeat the Demon Lord twice while you have the Ring. Each attack can be a Might attack or Sanity attack.

## Special Attack Rules

If you make a Sanity attack against the Demon Lord using the Ring, add 2 to the result of your roll. Defeating the Demon Lord the first time stuns it. Defeating it a second time destroys it. If the Demon Lord attacks the Ring holder and loses, it also counts as one of the two defeats needed.

If you make a successful Sanity attack against any other Demon using the Ring, you gain control of that Demon and can move it and attack other Demons or the traitor with it during subsequent turns. If another hero takes control of the Ring, they control any conquered Demons as well. If the Ring is dropped or taken by the traitor, the Demons become uncontrolled as they were at the beginning.

If you defeat a Demon or Demon Lord while you don't have the Ring, you stun it as usual.

## If You Win ...

_King Solomon's Ring blazes upon your finger as the demon lord finally succumbs._
_Again the house quakes. The hot, sickly-sweet wind that was howling out of the Hellgate wavers, slows, then reverses. The Hellgate becomes a Helldrain—the stench, the warmth, and the reddish flames are sucked back. Tendrils of fire snake forth from the portal, each brutally grabbing hold of a demon. Screaming again, now like a soul tortured beyond its breaking point, the struggling demons are pulled into the maw._
_As the last shrieking demon disappears through the portal, the Helldrain collapses like an eye closing. Silence descends. Hell is done with you._
_But, you wonder, idly studying the ring ... are you done with Hell?_