# 29 -- Frankenstein's Legacy

_Your fellow explorer pores over the yellowed pages of the book, paying no attention to your surroundings. Your friend mumbles something about death, bodies, and reanimating dead flesh. What madness!_
_Then your friend looks up, the unholy light of zeal clear in eye and countenance. "To the Laboratory!" he says. "Tonight, I shall realize the dream of necrotic revitalization! Limbs once dead shall twitch, a brain once lifeless will wake, and a body once moribund will rise. Tonight, the dead shall walk!"_

## Right Now

Set aside five Torch tokens (pentagonal).

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Your traitorous companion has animated Frankenstein's Monster. To test its strength, the traitor will command it to kill you all. The monster is very tough, so you should do your best to avoid it. Fortunately, it does have one weakness: fire.

## You Win When ...

... the monster is dead.

## How to Kill the Monster

There are two ways to kill Frankenstein's Monster:

1. Death by Fire: Go to the Charred Room, Furnace Room, Pentagram Room, or Kitchen to light a torch. When you do, put a Torch token on your explorer's character card. There's no limit to the number of torches you can find during the game, but each explorer can carry only one at a time. When in the monster's room or an adjacent room with a connecting door, you can attempt a Speed attack to throw the Torch at the monster. If you defeat the monster, it takes one Torch hit and you lose the Torch. This attack does not stun the monster. If it defeats you, you just lose the Torch. Each hero can throw only one Torch per turn. The monster is killed if it is hit by a number of Torches equal to the number of players.

2. Death by Falling: The monster isn't very bright. It must always move toward the closest explorer it can attack. Lure it to the Tower or Chasm. Then you can attempt a Might roll of 6+ in one of those rooms to push the monster to its death. You can attempt this roll once during your turn.

## If You Win ...

_Riiip! You feed another page of the book to the candle flame. These notes are a true abomination. You hope that the book's destruction will ensure that the secret of reanimation remains hidden for all time._
_Riiip! There goes the introduction. The next few pages are filled with formulas and tables, diagrams and figures ...._
_Yes. It all makes a certain horrid sense. A sudden light breaks upon you—a light so brilliant and wondrous, yet so simple, that you are dazzled by the book's possibilities. How surprising that you alone should be reserved to discover so astonishing a secret._
_You burn your finger, just a bit, patting out the burning page._