# 3 -- Frog-Leg Stew

_A crackling, rasping laugh echoes through the house. You instantly break out in a clammy sweat. "No, no, no! Mustn't hide from me, my naughty little monkeys! You've been very bad little toadlings, stealing Ooma's book. Very bad. I'm afraid Ooma's going to have to whack your little noses off ... or something worse, much worse."_

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The Witch has cast a spell that makes her invulnerable. She can also turn people into Frogs.

## You Win When ...

... you kill the Witch.

## How to Kill the Witch

You must use the spellbook (the Book card) to cast a Form of Mortal spell on the Witch. This will make her vulnerable to attacks. The spell requires mandrake (an orange Root token).

To kill the Witch, you must follow these steps, in order. You can only attempt one of these steps each turn.

1. Find the mandrake. If you discover a new room that has mandrake in it, the traitor will place a Root token in that room. Some might already be available in existing rooms.

2. If you're in a room with a Root token, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to dig it up. If you succeed, put the Root token on your character card.

3. If you have a Root token and the Book while you're in the same room as the Witch, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 6+ to cast

Form of Mortal. If you succeed, you can then attack the Witch normally. After you cast the spell on her, any successful attack will kill her.

## Frogs

An explorer who is turned into a Frog drops all items and discards any companions. Lower that character's Might and Knowledge to their lowest numbers. (Don't lower either trait to the skull symbol.) A Frog can't attack, draw cards, or discover rooms. Another explorer (who isn't a Frog) can pick up and carry a Frog like an item. Frogs cannot do anything while being carried.

If you're in the same room as a Frog while you have the Book, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to turn the Frog back into a human. The restored hero's traits return to their starting levels.

## Special Attack Rules

The Witch is invulnerable and can't be attacked until you cast Form of Mortal on her.

Explorers may attack the cat when it appears.

## If You Win ...

_The witch screams, "Noooooo! You can't do this! Make them stop, my sweet meat! You'll regret this! I'll crawl into your nightmares and make you bleed! Your brain will itch until you scratch a hole in it just to let some out! I'll—"_
_Just as you're ready to smash a lamp over your head to try to shut out her grating voice, she is gone ... for now._