# 30 -- Tomb of Dracula

_A sick certainty clutches your stomach as the coffin lid creaks open. There have been too many clues, too many coincidences, and too many revelations to doubt the reality of the pale hand now thrusting the lid completely open. The hand is coarse and broad, with squat fingers. Hair grows from the palm. The nails are long and fine and cut to a sharp point. The girl standing beside you clutches your arm._
_"We have to kill it," you yell, "kill it before it completely awakens!"_
_That's when you see the fresh bite marks on your friend's neck and the new fangs in your friend's mouth._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor and the Girl are both vampires in league with Dracula. Dracula is very powerful, but he awakens slowly. You have a couple of turns to act quickly before he awakens. He and his minions will try to kill you or turn you into vampires.

## You Win When ...

... Count Dracula and the Bride have both been destroyed.

## How to Destroy Vampires

If you use the Spear card to defeat a Vampire with a Might attack, you stake its heart and kill it. Any other successful attack causes damage to the traitor as normal or stun Count Dracula and the Bride as normal.

The traitor is keeping track of the number of turns that pass after the haunt begins. Immediately after the traitor advances the Turn/Damage Track, one of the other explorers rolls a number of dice equal to the number of players. When the result of that roll is lower than the current Turn number, the sun comes up.

Vampires weaken as the day goes by. At the start of each traitor's turn after the sun comes up, each Vampire loses 1 from each trait. Tell the traitor to keep track of the two monsters' traits on a piece of paper. If a Vampire's trait drops to 0 or to the skull symbol , it falls unconscious. If you're in the same room as an unconscious Vampire, you can automatically destroy it by staking it. You can do this once during your turn instead of making an attack.

After the sun comes up, if a Vampire enters or is in the Balcony, Conservatory, Gardens, Graveyard, Patio, Tower, or a room with an outside-facing window, then it immediately bursts into flames and is destroyed.

## Special Attack Rules

If you defeat a Vampire, you inflict damage normally. If you also have the Holy Symbol card, you can force that Vampire to move one room away from you (through a connecting door) for each point of damage you inflict.

## If You Win ...

_A stake through the heart, the light of the sun— these were your weapons against the blood- sucking scourge and its nightwalking children. Day has come. The vampires have been destroyed. The legend of Dracula remains just that, a legend._
_They truly are gone, you think, idly rubbing a wound on your neck. Better have that looked at, just in case._