# 31 -- Airborne

_A deafening shriek leaves you reeling. A second later, the house seems to crumple and then jerk into the air. But that would be crazy. You rush to the window and see the madness is true: a bird the size of a 747 is carrying the house in its talons, presumably to feed its monstrous brood somewhere. Beneath you the ground gets farther and farther away. If you are going to live, you need to get out of this house fast - but you need some way to survive the fall._

_You remember one of your friends mentioning some parachutes they stumbled over. You just need to find one. There might not be enough for everyone, but surely the others would agree that you deserve one._

## Right Now

• Set aside a number of pentagonal item tokens equal to half the number of players, rounding down. These represent Parachutes.

• Remove any basement tiles in the house. If any explorers are in the basement, put them in the Mystic Elevator and put that tile beside any ground-floor door. Search the room stack for it if it is not in play, then place it on the ground or upper floor. Then shuffle that stack.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

This haunt has no traitor, only heroes. Even so, only some of you can survive.

## You Win When ...

... you exit the house with a Parachute. Heroes who do not find a Parachute are killed.


## Finding a Parachute

• Heroes can still explore the house and find new rooms. They cannot enter the basement, however. If the next room tile can only go in the basement, put it in the discard pile and draw tiles until you can place one.

• Several parachutes are hidden in the house. You can search for a Parachute by making a Knowledge or Speed roll of 4+ in any room with an omen symbol. If you succeed on this roll, take a Parachute token and put it on your character card. Only one Parachute can be found in a given room.

• You cannot move any farther on the turn you find or steal a Parachute. You can carry only one Parachute at a time.

## Special Attack Rules

• You can steal a Parachute from another hero by attacking with Might (resisted by Might as usual) or tricking your oponent with Knowledge (resisted by Knowledge). Unlike the normal rules for stealing items, you can take the Parachute if you win by 1 or more. The loser does not take any damage. The attacker's turn then ends, whether or not the attack was successful.

• You can attack other heroes to inflict damage instead of stealing a Parachute, using the normal rules. A dead hero carrying a Parachute drops it, and any other hero can pick it up.

• Heroes slow each other as if they were monsters.

## Exiting the house

Once you have a Parachute, you can exit the house. To do this, move to the Entrance Hall, Balcony, Tower, Coal Chute or Collapsed Room and spend 1 space of movement. Then make a Knowledge roll (to make sure you know how it works) or a Sanity roll (to psych yourself up) of 4+. On a success, you exit safely.

## If You Win ...

_The air rushes past you like a hurricane. With a flood of relief you feel your parachute open above you and your fall slow. Then you hear a flapping noise. Looking up, you see some tears in the fabric of the chute. A few of the ropes see seem tangled too. Perhaps the chute got damaged in all the fighting, but for now it seems to be okay. The tears don't seem to be getting any bigger. Not yet, anyway..._

## If you lose ...

_You so-called friends have left you to be food for the chick of this demonic bird of prey. On the other hand, maybe if you landed on another human body, you'd survive the fall. Your friend over there looks pretty soft..._