# 32 -- Lost

_The crystal ball flashes, and a thundering chord bursts out of the pipe organ. The house shakes and shifts, changing its contents and even its layout. The air thickens, becomes cloying, green, and slightly poisonous. Outside, the sky is mauve, the trees are pulsing tubular nightmares, and the pedestrians have more teeth than any human on Earth._
_It would be a good idea to return the house to your home dimension before too many more layers of your skin scald and peel away._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is an alien who has transported the house to its home dimension. The atmosphere will slowly kill you.

## You Win When ...

... you return the house to your own dimension.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

Each hero must roll two dice at the beginning of his or her turn. Subtract the result from any trait or combination of traits.

## How to Return the House

The pipe organ in the Organ Room is not just a musical instrument. It's also a dimensional transporter. You'll need to play the right song on the organ, resonating the proper frequencies for dimensional travel.
An explorer can try to play the organ once during that character's turn. While in the Organ Room, the explorer can attempt a Knowledge roll to play the right song. The following result will send the house back home:

3 players, 15+ roll needed
4 players, 16+ roll needed
5 players, 18+ roll needed
6 players, 20+ roll needed

Explorers can search the house to find clues to the proper song. Found clues benefit everyone trying to play the organ. You can't find the same clue more than once.

• Add 1 to the result for each room with an omen symbol in play.

• Add 2 to the result if you're playing the organ and have the music hobby.

• Add 2 to the result if you successfully find the music books in the Library. Once during your turn in that room, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to find the books.

• Add 2 to the result if you go to the Game Room and succeed at a Sanity roll of 5+ to view the exotic trophy animals and figure out which dimension you're in.

• Add 2 to the result if you go to the Tower and succeed at a Knowledge roll of 5+ to locate your new home by looking at the stars.

• Add 2 to the result as long as the Madman is in the Organ Room. He has made the journey between dimensions several times.

• Add 2 to the result as long as the Book is in the Organ Room. It's an extra-dimensional atlas.

## If You Win ...

_The organ produces yet another wheezing, anemic gasp. Again, nothing. Your nose bleeds continually now, your skin is falling away in great patches, and your vision is tunneled to a speck. One more chance ..._
_You pound out the last chord on the pipe organ. This time, the sound thunders and resonates through the house. Again, the house shakes, shifts, and begins to change. The air clears, becomes transparent. It's dark outside._
_The pain grows less. The bleeding slows. You've escaped! You have returned to your own dimension. But are you on your home planet?_
_That remains to be seen._
