# 33 -- An Invocation of Darkness

_Since opening the book, your friend has been cackling insanely, muttering something about a gate and the "Space between the stars". He is clearly insane . the only way you'll be able to get him back to his right mind will be to destroy the sinister volume he carries._

## Right Now

If neither the Chapel nor the Pentagram Chamber is in play, the person to the left of the haunt revealer searches the room stack for one of those tiles, then puts it on a legal floor of the house (Try to put it as far from the traitor as possible.) Then shuffle the room stack.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is using the Book to summon a hideous Elder God that will consume the world, starting with you.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy the Book. You also win if you kill the traitor before he or she finishes the summoning ritual.

## How to Destroy the Book

• Before the Elder God has been summoned, you can steal the Book from the traitor.

• After the summoning, the Book will be lying in the room the traitor used to perform the ritual. You can pick it up as normal.

• Carry the Book to the Furnace or the Chasm. Then spend 1 space of movement to throw the Book in, destroying it and banishing the Elder God.

## If You Win ...

_You aren't sure that you'll ever fully recover from what you've seen here tonight. There are some things that humans were Not Meant to Know, and surely this is one of them. Maybe you can convince yourself that it was all a dream..._