# 34 -- Guillotines

_Your head starts spinning. Gradually, you lose consciousness._

_You awaken. How long has it been? As you struggle to your feet, you hear a recorded voice._

_"Hello. You don't know me, but I know you. I want to play a game. The door to this mansion will open in an hour, but none of you will be alive by then unless you're good at finding things."_

_"You will note that you each have a steel collar attached to your neck. This collar contains a blade held in place by a powerful spring. Whenever a timer attached to one of these devices goes off, the wearer will end up considerably shorter."_

_"Keys have been hidden throughout the house. It takes two keys to unlock each collar. Once you've unlocked them, you'll be free to go. Of course, some keys may be in rather insacessible locations"_

_"Let the game begin."_

## What the Traitor Hears

_All the other people in this house were witnesses to your mother's traffic accident. Her car caught fire, but they were too afraid to drag out her unconscious body before the fuel tank exploded. Now you have a chance for revenge. Your collar doesn't work, but the others don't know that. Will they have courage to help you the way they didn't help her?"_

## Right now

• Place pentagonal item tokens (representing keys) in the following rooms, now or when they are discovered: Attic, Catacombs, Chasm, Collapsed Room, Crypt, Furnace Room, Gallery, Junk Room, Operating Laboratory, Pentagram Chamber, Tower and Vault.

• Take red monster tokens, numbered 1 up to the number of players. Mix the tokens up and deal one face down to each player (with the number hidden). The explorer with the red token numbered 1 is the traitor.

• Take pentagonal item tokens, numbered from 1 up to the number of players. Players keep these tokens face up (with the number showing).

• Set up the Turn / Damage track with a plastic clip at 0 if there are four or fewer players, or at 1 if there are five or six players. You'll use this to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

This haunt uses the hidden traitor rules. You all read this booklet, but one of you is a traitor.

Someone has locked you in a collar with a ticking timer, which is likely to decapitate you soon. As if that's not bad enough, one of your companions thinks you'd be better of headless.

**Traitor**: The traitor must reveal him- or herself if that explorer would be killed by a collar. Before then, he or she can collect Keys and even trade them to other players to gain their trust.

## You Win When ...

The heroes win then all the collars are removed and at least half the heroes (rounded up) are still alive. If more than half of the heroes are killed, the traitor wins.

A collar is removed when it is unlocked or detonates. A collar also counts as removed if its wearer was killed by other means, or if it is on a revealed or dead traitor.

## How to Unlock a Collar

• You can take a Key token from a room after you have drawn and acted on any cards required by the room; taking a key is not mandatory. The sidebar below clarifies the timing of the room's effects.

• You can't move after finding a Key, but you can attempt to use it or give it to another explorer. Each Key can be used only once to unlock a collar; discard that token afterward.

• If you are carrying at least two Key tokens, you can announce at any time during your turn that you are unlocking your own collar or the collar of anyone else in the same room. (Remember, though, that an explorer can't be traded a Key and use it to unlock his or her collar in the same turn).

• Keys can't be used to unlock the collar of a decapitated explorer.

**Crypt, Furnace Room:** Take the Key after taking damage from the room's effect.

**Gallery:** You must jump down into the Ballroom (which must be in the house) to get the Key.

**Collapsed Room:** You must first make the roll to avoid falling. If you succeed, you get the Key; if you fail, you fall to the basement without it.

**Vault:** The first explorer to end a turn in this room after the Vault is open get the key.

**Catacombs, Chasm, Tower:** You must successfully make the roll to cross the room before you can pick up the Key. If you fail, you can try again next turn. If you succeed, you end up on the far side of the room and will need to roll again if you want to go back the way you came.

**Attic, Junk Room, Pentagram Chamber:** To collect the Key, you must attempt the roll required by the tile as though leaving the room. If you failt this roll, you take the stated damage and do not find the Key. Whether or not you succeed, you must still roll again if you try to leave the room.

**Operating Laboratory:** An X-ray shows that the Key is inside you! You must roll 3+ with each damage to get the Key. If any of the rolls fail, you don't get the Key but still take the damage.

## You must do this ...

...at the end of each of the haunt revealer's turns. Advance the Turn / Damage track by 1. Then every explorer with an item token whose number is equal to or less than the current turn must roll 3 dice. If the result is less than the current turn number, that explorer is immediately killed.

## If the Heroes Win...

_As the last collar is released, the doors to the mansion open and you feel a cool breeze blowing through the hall. But who did this, and why? If enough people enjoy grisly torture, perhaps there'll be a sequel or five..._

## If the Traitor Wins...

_As you look at the headless bodies of the people who left your mother to die, you feel as if you've learned a valuable lesson about life. Whoever did this must be some kind of profound moral teacher, and you feel the urge to follow in his or her footsteps. Either that, or you're both just nuts. Who can say?_