# 35 -- Small Change

_A couple of tabby cats have been prowling about the house. They look peeved but otherwise have left you alone. If cats are the scariest creatures here, you don't have much to worry about!_
_A sound of breaking glass jerks you away from your musings. You turn to see a broken vial on the floor. Silver liquid oozes out and turns into a sparkling cloud that surrounds you ... you grow queasy and dizzy for a few moments ...._
_When your head clears, you find yourself staring up at the chair, its seat seemingly miles above you. That makes you approximately the size of a mouse. Then you hear a sound outside your room ... "... meow ...."_

## Right Now

Set aside the Toy Airplane token (pentagonal).

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has shrunk you and let his Cats into the house. They will try to eat you.

## You Win When ...

... at least half the heroes (rounding up) use the Toy Airplane to escape through the outer edge of one of these rooms: an outside-facing window, the Balcony, Gardens, Graveyard, Patio, or Tower.

## Being Small

You have shrunk. That means:

• All items and omens you possess have shrunk with you and function normally, but

• You can't draw new cards. Entering a new room with an event, item, or omen symbol ends your turn.

• Doorways count as spaces, so moving through a doorway to the next room counts as two spaces. You can stop in a doorway.

• You must make a Might roll of 3+ to go up or down any Stairs. If you fail, you end your turn but may try again next turn.

• You can't use the Collapsed Room or the Mystic Elevator. You are not affected by the text on the Gallery, Gymnasium, or Vault.

• You need the Toy Airplane to leave the house. Using the Toy Airplane

The Toy Airplane is in the Bedroom, Master Bedroom, Storeroom, Attic, or Game Room. Once during your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+ to search one of these rooms. If you succeed, put the Toy Airplane token in that room.

Once during your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to start the Airplane. It will be on the ground until the next turn of the hero who started it. During this time it can be boarded by other heroes, but any heroes in it can be attacked by cats.

The hero who started the Airplane moves it on subsequent turns at the Airplane's speed of 5 instead of using regular movement. Like you, it counts doorways as separate spaces when moving.

Heroes flying in the Airplane can only attack or be attacked with the Revolver, Ring, or Dynamite.

You can't leave the house until all living heroes have been picked up.

Picking up a hero on the ground with the Airplane counts as one space of movement. When you do this, the explorer in the plane with the highest Speed attempts a Speed roll:

4+ Pick up the explorer.
2-3 Fail, but you can make another attempt (counts as another space of movement).
0-1 Crash; you must restart the plane.

Heroes in the Airplane do not need to make Might rolls to go up or down Stairs and may go up or down through the Collapsed Room and Gallery and pass across the Chasm without rolling or taking damage.

The traitor can't fly the Toy Airplane.

## If a Cat Catches You

If you are captured by a Cat, you have a chance to get away. At the start of your next turn, choose any trait. You and the Cat each attempt a roll using that trait; this is called a "contest." A Might contest means you're fighting the cat; Speed, trying to outrun it; Sanity, trying to stare it down; Knowledge, trying to trick it. If you roll higher than the Cat, you escape and take your turn normally. Otherwise, you are still captured and your turn is over. If another hero attacks and defeats the Cat, the Cat drops you and is stunned.

## If You Win ...

The little plane sputters and shakes before gliding smoothly out the window. You hear a yowl of frustration as you soar away from the vicious felines. You've escaped! Now all you have to do is find a way to get back to your old size before some hawk decides to make a meal out of you ....