# 36 -- Better with Friends

_The medallion glows a bluish-black, pulsing steadily in the gloom. You feel the house shift as water rushes into the basement._
_Didn't someone mention a boat stored in the attic? All of you immediately run up the stairs ... all of you except the traitor who brought you here. Your traitorous companion doesn't seem interested in escaping._
_The house is sinking! You don't have time to figure out why, but you may have enough time to escape._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has lured you here to die. The house is sinking into an underground swamp, and you will drown unless you escape.

## You Win When ...

... at least half the original heroes (rounding up) escape the house alive. You can't leave any living heroes behind in the house when you escape.

## How to Escape the House

If the Attic is not yet in the house, you'll have to search the Upper Floor until you find it. The Rowboat is in the Attic. Carry it from that room to the Balcony or Tower. (Put the Rowboat token on your character card while you're carrying it.) The Rowboat is a heavy item, so while you're carrying it, each room you enter counts as two spaces. (Only one explorer can carry the Rowboat, but it is a tradable item.) The Dog cannot carry the Rowboat.

Once all the living heroes are in the Balcony or Tower with the Rowboat, you can escape. You can't escape if another living hero is still in the house.

## Effects of Flooding

If anyone (including the traitor) begins a turn on a flooded level of the house, the following effects apply:

• Partially Flooded: Move 2 fewer spaces that turn.

• Fully Flooded: Move 4 fewer spaces that turn and take 2 points of unpreventable physical damage.

• No matter how flooded the house is, you can always move at least 1 space each turn.

## Slowing the Flood

The traitor is using the Turn/Damage Track to mark the passage of time. During your turn, you can drop the Medallion in a partially or fully flooded room to stop the sinking for one turn. When you do, discard that card. During the traitor's next turn, the Turn/Damage Track doesn't advance. (Make sure the traitor doesn't advance it.)

## If You Win ...

_Paddling with all your might, you move the boat away from the foundering house. You can hear your friend screaming at you over and over: "Come back! Come back! Death is better with friends! Share it with me!"_
_Hmmm. That's one offer of hospitality you should refuse._