# 37 -- Checkmate

_You've finally figured out what the cramped handwriting in that old journal stated:_
_"I, Ebenezer Slocum, have found the means to force Death itself to appear before me. I have prepared to challenge Death, and I will defeat it! Through study, I have enhanced my mind to its keenest. Oh, Death will not be proud this night!"_
_Looking around, you notice a figure slumped at a chessboard. As you touch the figure, it crumbles to dust. Looks as if Ebenezer wasn't quite as prepared as he thought._
_Across the table, you see a dark, shadowy figure appear. The figure beckons toward one of you and points to the table. An ebony and ivory chess set sits between the two of you._
_You hope you're better than Ebenezer was._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Death has challenged you to a chess game. If there is no one in the room to play against Death at the beginning of Death's turn, you forfeit the chess game and lose.

## You Win When ...

... you checkmate Death by rolling a higher result than it does on a Knowledge roll. Once during each of Death's turns, one of the heroes can attempt this roll while in the same room.

## How to Beat Death

Some items in the house can help you get a higher result on a Knowledge roll than Death can:

• Explorers can pick up Holy Seal tokens. If you pick up a Holy Seal, you can attempt a Sanity roll of 4+ to break it. You can only break one Holy Seal during your turn. Each time an explorer breaks a Holy Seal, Death rolls one fewer dice on its subsequent Knowledge rolls. If there are only three or four players, it rolls two fewer dice instead.

• The Book contains chess strategies. The explorer who has it can add one die (maximum eight dice) to Knowledge rolls attempted while playing chess against Death.

## Special Attack Rules

Death can't attack or be affected in any way other than by being beaten at chess.

Death does not slow your movement.

## If You Win ...

_"Checkmate."_
_Death stares fixedly at his King, then starts crumbling into dust. Death smiles, and you feel your hair turn white._
_"Until next time," Death responds ...._