# 38 -- Hellbeasts

_Out of the corner of your eye, you see a red streak fly by. You turn, but it is gone. Then, from your other side, you see another fiery thing streak by. And another. And another._
_Turning, you see a flapping bat, its body and wings crackling with fire. But the bat isn't in pain or dying. It circles around you, the heat from its wings singeing your hair. One of your friends laughs with glee while you hear the others scream in horror._
_This can't be good._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor commands a swarm of firebats (represented by Bat tokens), and he wants you all dead. The firebats can't attack you, but they'll burn you if you stay in a room with them.

## You Win When ...

...you successfully perform an exorcism, driving the Bats from the house.

## How to Perform the Exorcism

You must perform an exorcism before the Bats kill you all. To do this, you must make a number of successful "exorcism rolls" equal to the number of players. Each roll requires a specific room or item, and each one requires a Sanity roll or a Knowledge roll.

You can make only one exorcism roll during your turn. To perform an exorcism:

• You can attempt a Sanity roll of 5+ while in the Chapel, Crypt, or Pentagram Chamber, or while holding the Holy Symbol or Ring.

• You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ while in the Library or Research Laboratory, or while holding the Book or Crystal Ball.

Each time you succeed at an exorcism roll, put a Sanity or Knowledge Roll token (depending on the trait you used) on the room tile or item card you used for that part of the exorcism.

If the heroes successfully use an item or room as part of an exorcism roll, no explorer can use that item or room in an exorcism again. (For example, if you successfully perform a Sanity roll in the Chapel, then you can't use the Chapel again.) When the heroes have placed a number of these tokens equal to the number of players, the Bats are banished.

## Special Attack Rules

Bats can't attack or be attacked.

Bat tokens don't affect your movement.

The traitor will tell you how much damage you take for remaining in a room with a Bat token.

## If You Win ...

_The bats are gone, returned to whatever hell first bore them. The house still smolders in several places, and the scent of burnt flesh twists your stomach in knots. You stumble from the manor, vowing never to return to this dread place again. If the hellbeasts find a way back to this world, you don't want to be around to see it._