# 39 -- The Heir

_While exploring the house you come across an interesting tale. Years ago, the Romanescus, an ancient royal family, made its last stand in this very house. All but one were murdered by their own guards._
_Studying the family's genealogy, you realize that one of you is the heir to the Romanescu fortune. If the true heir sits on a throne in this house, then the fortune will be restored to the last Romanescu._
_Looking around in amazement, you realize that one of your friends is missing. You pale as you think back on how that "friend" muttered something about "wrapping up a loose end" in the house._
_Better find that throne and get the heir on it fast._

## Right Now

The haunt revealer (the explorer who revealed this haunt) secretly chooses which hero other than herself is the heir. The haunt revealer then writes down that character's name on a piece of paper and shows it to the other heroes. If the heir dies, the traitor wins, so you'll want to keep the heir's identity secret.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has filled the house with hidden assassins.

## You Win When ...

... the heir sits on the throne and has the Spear card and the Ring card. The throne is in the Statuary Corridor. As soon as the heir enters that room with both items, you win.

## If You Win ...

_As the heir settles on the throne, the lights dim, then grow more brilliant than ever. The ring grows until it becomes a crown, while the spear shrinks, becoming an old key. The heir smiles. "I know ... everything. Come, let me take you to my family's treasure. I wish to reward my friends and new guardians."_