# 4 -- The Web of Destiny

_The web was so large your mind refused to see it. Now you stand entangled in it, your face and body pressed into the sticky strands. Already the web is beginning to harden against your skin. If you don't get out soon, you may never escape. At the edge of your vision, you see a shadow detach itself from the ceiling. No, not a shadow -- a spider gliding across the web. It hovers over you, and you feel your stomach catch fire. Looking down, you see a stinger stabbing into your belly. You scream ... but will anyone hear?_

## Right Now

The explorer who revealed this haunt has been caught in a sticky web. That character is now a "trapped explorer." The trapped explorer can't move but can still attempt to destroy the web by attacking it. The trapped explorer can also use or exchange items.

If the Medical Kit card hasn't been found yet, any hero who has the opportunity to draw an item card may search through the deck and take the Medical Kit instead of drawing normally. Then shuffle that stack.

Set aside a number of Might Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players.

The trapped explorer has been infested with giant spider eggs. Eventually, they're going to hatch ....

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

A tremendously large Spider is awakening. It wants to protect the trapped explorer until its eggs hatch.

## You Win When ...

... the trapped explorer has been freed, the eggs have been destroyed, and at least one explorer exits the house.

## How to Destroy the Web and Eggs

You can destroy the web by making Might attacks. The web defends with Might 4. If you defeat it, put a Might Roll token in that room (instead of inflicting damage). You don't take damage if it defeats you. When that room has a number of Might Roll tokens equal to the number of players, the web has been destroyed. The trapped explorer is then free.

If you're in the same room as the trapped explorer while you have the Medical Kit, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to destroy the eggs. If you have the Healing Salve, you can use it to destroy the eggs without a Knowledge roll.

## How to Exit the House

After the trapped explorer is free and the eggs are destroyed, heroes can exit the house. You can attempt a Knowledge roll (picking the lock) or a Might roll (breaking the lock) of 6+ to open the front door in the Entrance Hall. If you succeed, draw an event card and end your turn. On your next turn, you can exit the house.

## If You Win ...

_Brushing cobwebs from your eyes, you stumble from the manor. Looking back, you see a light flickering from a window above you. You can just make out a shiver of movement ... then another ._
_Time to leave ... now._