# 40 -- Buried Alive

_The spirit board slides back and forth, back and forth across the letters, moving without anyone's aid. Everyone stares in horrified fascination as it spells out:_
_B U R I E D A LI V E_
_Looking around, you realize that you haven't seen one of your friends since you entered this house. Some twisted magic must have prevented you from remembering! If your fellow explorer really is buried alive, you must find your friend NOW._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Might Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has buried a (nonplayer) friend of yours in a basement room. (The traitor will secretly write down that information.) You don't know which room the person is buried in, but you know that it's a room that was in the house when the haunt began.

## You Win When ...

... you dig up the buried explorer before that character dies. The Spirit Board card will help.

## How to Rescue Your Friend

Each time you move into a room, you can search it. You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+ in that room to identify it as the "burial room." If you succeed in this roll, ask the traitor whether this is the burial room. He must answer truthfully. You can only search a room once during your turn, but you can search more than one room in a turn.

Once you've found the burial room, you can attempt a Might roll of 4+ to help dig up your friend. To save him, the heroes need a number of successful Might rolls equal to the original number of players. Each explorer can attempt one roll during that character's turn while in the burial room. Each time an explorer succeeds, put a Might Roll token in that room.

## The Spirit Board

Once the haunt begins, you can't use the Spirit Board to look at the top tile of the room stack. Instead, you can use it to find your friend.

The explorer with the Spirit Board can't voluntarily give it away, trade it, or drop it. If that explorer dies, the Spirit Board and all the character's items drop; put an Item Pile token in that room. Any explorer can pick up the Spirit Board and the rest of the Item Pile.

The explorer with the Spirit Board can use it once during each of that character's turns until the burial room has been found. When this happens, discard the Spirit Board.

When you use the Spirit Board to find the burial room, you can't move or take any other actions that turn. Attempt a Sanity roll to find the burial room:

0-2 No effect.

3-4 Move any explorer three spaces.

5-6 Heal your buried friend. The traitor is keeping track of how many points of damage your friend has taken. Roll two dice and tell the traitor to subtract that many points from your friend's damage total.

7+ The traitor must announce the room where your friend is buried.

## If You Win ...

_Digging frantically, you finally free your trapped friend. Your companion's fingernails are broken—splintered from clawing at the wooden coffin. Blood runs down the explorer's shaking hands. Your friend hasn't made a sound since being freed. Slowly you help your friend out of the house, sure that with the proper care your friend will be good as new ... someday._