# 41 -- Invisible Traitor

_You hear one of your companions whisper a strange word ... and then scream. You've never heard a sound that horrid from a living being before. You rush to your friend, but when you get there, you are alone. Then you hear a shuffling and a harsh, cold laugh._
_You have a terrible feeling that one of your friends may have turned into a foe._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has turned invisible and has decided to kill you all.

## You Win When ...

... the traitor is dead.

## Fighting Blind

If the traitor attacks a hero who survives the attack, that hero can attempt a Knowledge roll at the end of the traitor's turn:

0-2 Nothing.

3-4 The explorer knows if the traitor is still in the room. If the traitor left the room, that explorer knows which exit the traitor used.

5+ The explorer detected the traitor's movement and knows which room he or she is in now.

Once during your turn, you can make an attack against the invisible traitor. If the traitor is in the same room as you, you fight normally. If the traitor isn't there, you fail and you can't make another attack that turn.

If you fire the Revolver or throw Dynamite into a room where the traitor is, resolve the attack normally.

The Toy Monkey will not affect the traitor.

## Skull and Spirit Board

If you have the Skull card at the beginning of your turn, you can attempt a Sanity roll of 4+ to track down the traitor. On a success, the traitor tells you which floor he or she is on.

If you have the Spirit Board card at the beginning of your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 4+ to track down the traitor. On a success, the traitor tells you what icon, if any, is in the room where he or she is.

## If You Win ...

_The traitor lies dead, her body visible now that the evil has left it. She doesn't look so terrible now when you can actually see her._
_You don't know why your friend turned against you. You just hope that whatever caused her transformation won't bring her back in some other, even more hideous form ...._