# 42 -- Comes the Hero

_A statue stands before you, its hand outstretched as if imploring you to place something in it. A message has been carved into the podium beneath the statue: "To Defeat the Undefeatable."_
_What could that mean? And why are you shivering uncontrollably? Something has just gone very wrong, and this statue may be your only means to stop things going from bad to worse._

## Right Now

Get the Statue token (pentagonal) and place it in the room where the haunt was revealed.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

An invincible traitor is using a ritual to open a gate to Hell. You're not sure how it works, but you suspect it involves human sacrifice.

## You Win When ...

... the traitor is dead.

## How to Kill the Traitor

The traitor can't be attacked or harmed by normal means, so you'll need to employ an unusual method to stop him.

The Statue's hand is outstretched, and a plaque on its base has the words "To Defeat the Undefeatable." The statue is inanimate until an appropriate item is placed in its hand during your turn. When that happens, the item is discarded and the Statue animates:

• If the Holy Symbol is placed in its hand, the statue becomes a mighty judge.

• If the Axe is placed in its hand, the statue becomes a mighty warrior.

• If the Crystal Ball is placed in its hand, the statue becomes a mighty seer.

• If the Book is placed in its hand, the statue becomes a mighty wizard.

Once the Statue animates, it remains in whatever state it transformed into for the rest of the game. When the Statue has been animated, tell the traitor what form it has taken.

## The Animated Statue

#### Animated Statue: Speed 8, Might 8, Sanity 8, Knowledge 8

The Statue does not move normally. Instead, it must be animated by the mental powers of the heroes. Once during his or her turn, a hero who occupies the same room as the Statue may make a Knowledge or Sanity roll to move it. The hero can move the Statue a number of spaces up to the number rolled.

When the Statue is in the same room as the traitor during the turn of the hero who activated it, it doesn't attack. Instead, it lowers one of the traitor's traits by one point. The judge lowers Speed, the warrior lowers Might, the seer lowers Sanity, and the wizard lowers Knowledge.

If the traitor attacks the Statue and defeats it, it isn't stunned. Instead, the Statue can't lower an ability during its next turn. The Statue can still be moved to follow the traitor.

## If You Win ...

_The statue fought as if it was fighting not just for you but for all the world. The traitor lies vanquished, and you stand in awe of the statue's power. Now it sits, its fist pressed thoughtfully against its chin. No words appear beneath it. All is quiet._
