# 43 -- The Star-Sickness

_Next to the spear, you find a note that reads: "Ever since I touche that meteorite, I can feel the change working in me. I have studied it and looked at it under a microscope and have found a twisted DNA that never came from this world. But what is even worse is that I have heard the creatures inside my blood. Talking to me. Telling me how much better use they can make of my body than what I have done with it. I have sought an antidote serum, but I am out of time, and soon I will belong to the microbes entirely. Before that happens, if I can steel myself, I intend to run upon my spear like the ancient Romans and hopefully eradicate the alien spores once and for all. If I do not succeed, perhaps these notes will help whoever comes after. I pray, though, that this disease will die with me. You will know it by three stages. At first, it feels like a particularly virulent fever, as your immune system fights against it..."_

_Uh, oh. You've been feeling stuffed up ever since you got here._

_"In the second stage, the sportes take over the host's mind."_

_Can you trust all your friends?_

_"And in the third stage... horror."_

## Right Now

• Take a set of small monster tokens of the same color, numbered from 1 up to twice the number of explorers, and mix them up. Each player takes two and looks at them but doesn't show them to anyone. Whoever has the token numbered 1 is the traitor. More traitors might appear as the haunt progresses. You remain a traitor even if you lose the token numbered 1 later on.

• If the Research Laboratory is not in the house, the haunt revealer searches the room stack for that tile and places it in a legal position. Then shuffle the room stack.

• Set up the Turn / Damage track with a plastic clip at 1. You'll use this to keep track of time.

• Set aside a pile of triangular Knowledge roll tokens, as well as pentagonal item token to represent the Serum.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

This haunt uses the hidden traitor rules described on the rulebook, You all read this booklet, but one of you is a traitor.

The traitor has been infected with an alien virus and seeks to turn the rest of you into Aliens.

Anyone who holds the traitor token cannot reveal it at any time.

## You Win When ...

The heroes win when they have created the Serum and all living explorers have been inoculated.

If all the explorers are dead, or have become traitors or Aliens, then the traitor or traitors win. If the traitors win, the person who became a traitor most recently loses instead.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

The first time each turn you occupy a room with another explorer, you must give each other one of your face-down monster tokens, chosen at random. If there are multiple other explorers in the room, exchange with only one; he or she must be an explorer you have not previously exchanged with, if possible. You can make only one exchange during each of your turns.

If you receive the token numbered 1 during one of these exchanges, you permanently become a traitor, even if you trade away that token later.

## The Haunt Revealer Must Do This...

...at the end of his or her turn each round.

Advance the Turn / Damage track to the next number. Then roll a number of dice equal to the turn number. This is a physical attack using Might against every explorer in the house; each explorer resists the attack using Might as normal. Traitors are NOT immune to this attack, the alien disease battles everyone's immune system.

There is no upper limit to the number of dice for this attack.

## Creating the Serum

• Once per turn, if you are in the Research Laboratory, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+. Add 1 die to this roll for each other explorer in the room, and an additional die if the Book is present. If the roll is successful, put a Knowledge Roll token in the room.

• Explorers can also search for herbs to create the Serum in the Conservatory or Gardens, if these rooms are in the house. At the end of your turn in either of these rooms, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+. If the roll is successful, take a Knowledge Roll token (representing the herbs) and place it on your character card. Treat this token as an item; it can be dropped, traded or stolen. You can search for herbs each turn and carry more than one Knowledge Roll token at a time.

• It is possible to collect more Knowledge Roll tokens than the number of players.

• Creating the Serum requires collecting as many Knowledge Roll tokens in the Research Laboratory as the number of explorers. At least, one token must be discovered in the lab; at least one other must be from collected herbs. Whoever creates or brings the last token to the room takes the Serum token.

• If you are carrying the Serum, you can inject it into yourself or another willing explorer in the same room by spending 1 space of movement. Once injected, any explorer who is not a traitor no longer exchanges face-down monster tokens with other explorers, and he or she is no longer attacked by the alien disease. If any injected explorer's traits are below their starting values, they are restored to their starting values.

## Special Attack Rules

In this haunt, all explorers can attack each other.

If a traitor dies for any reason other than being injected with the Serum, that player announces that he or she is a traitor and that a transformation to the third stage is taking place. The transforming traitor skips his or her next turn. On that player's subsequent turn, that explorer becomes an Alien. He or she drops any items (including Knowledge Roll tokens).

#### Aliens: Speed 4, Might 6, Sanity 4

• Aliens are not affected by the disease and cannot trade or be traded items or tokens.

• Aliens are treated as monsters for the purposes of movement and taking damage.

• If you are carrying the Serum, you can inject an unwilling explorer or an Alien in the same room with the Serum by defeating that character in physical combat using Speed. Doing so  kilsl the traitor or Alien. A traitor who is injected is permanently killed and does not transform into an Alien.

• If you are carrying the Serum and are in the same room as a transforming traitor, you can inject the traitor by spending 1 space of movement. This also kills the traitor permanently.

## If the Heroes Win ...

_Your infected friend looked exactly like themselves, but they were somehow... different. As you go out into the world from the house, you know that you will look carefully at everyone you meet from now on-seeking the signs..._

## If the Traitor Wins...

_You've heard there are billions of life forms like these on this planet! It's time to find a major population center and start reproducing in earnest._