# 44 -- Death Doth Find Us All

_Ever since you entered this place, you've felt different. At first you thought it was your imagination, but now you're not so sure. You feel tired, shaking, almost ancient. Wiping the dust from a mirror, you stare at your face. Lines carve into your skin, far deeper than any you have seen before. Your hair has faded and your shoulders sag. You're aging worse than this awful old house. You'd better find a way to stop this before you lose your youth ... or even your life._

## Right Now

Set aside five Sanity Roll tokens and five Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular).

Set aside tokens of any kind; these become "aging tokens."

Each hero (that is, each explorer except the traitor) puts one "aging token" on his or her character card now. This includes the explorer with the Medallion.

Your explorer's age is the starting age listed on your character card plus 10 years for each "aging token" on that card. The traitor will tell you the result of your aging.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor isn't aging. In fact, he seems to be younger than ever.

## You Win When ...

... you stop the supernatural aging process.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

For each decade you age, put an aging token on your character card.

## How to Stop the Aging Process

The heroes must complete the Ritual of Rejuvenation.

Completing the ritual requires a number of successful "ritual rolls" equal to the number of players. Each roll requires a specific room, and each one requires a Sanity roll or a Knowledge roll. A 5+ succeeds. Each explorer can attempt only one ritual roll during his or her turn.

An explorer can only attempt a ritual roll while that character is in one of the following rooms: Catacombs, Charred Room, Crypt, Gallery, Kitchen, Pentagram Chamber, or Tower.

Each time you succeed on a ritual roll, put a Sanity Roll or Knowledge Roll token (depending on the trait you used) on the room tile you used for that part of the ritual.

If the heroes successfully use a room as part of a ritual roll, no explorer can use that room in the ritual again.

## The Medallion

Whoever is holding the Medallion subtracts one from the number of decades he or she aged during the traitor's turn, to a minimum of zero.

Each time an explorer dies, the holder of the Medallion ages one decade.

## If You Win ...

_The spell has been cast. All is quiet. For minutes, no one moves or speaks. You stare at each other, waiting to see if your bodies will continue to age and fade. Soon you are all laughing and weeping hysterically. You are alive, yes, but part of your life has been stolen forever._