# 45 -- Tick, Tick, Tick

_At first, you didn't notice the ticking. Then, in a fleeting moment of silence, you heard it clearly: tick, tick, tick, like a macabre, mechanical heartbeat. Hearing the madman giggle, you realize that the ticking is coming from YOU. The traitor has planted a bomb on you!_

## Right Now

Each hero takes a "Victim" counter.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is a demolitionist who has rigged each of you with a time bomb. You don't know how much time you have left. The traitor also holds a trigger capable of detonating the bombs, but only when in your room or a room adjacent to yours. (The adjacent room does not need to have a connecting door.) The bombs you are wearing are also ticking, though, so they may blow up if enough time goes by.

As if that's not bad enough, the traitor is working on the Big Bomb. You must stop the demolitionist before he kills you all.

## You Win When ...

... the traitor is dead and at least one hero survives.

## How to Stop the Traitor

At least one of you needs to have your bomb defused so you can kill the traitor before the Big Bomb explodes.

Once during your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 7+ to deactivate the time bomb strapped to you. If you have the Madman card, you can attempt the Knowledge roll at 5+ instead. (He recognizes the mad genius in the design.) A hero whose bomb is deactivated may discard his or her "Victim" counter. If the result of the roll is 2 or less, you activate the time bomb, and all explorers in the same room blow up. All of their item and omen cards are discarded.

Instead of attempting to deactivate your own bomb, you can attempt to defuse someone else's, if you are in the same room and you have that explorer's permission. The Knowledge roll of 7+ (5+ with the Madman) still applies, as does the penalty for rolling a 2 or less.

The traitor will continue to work on the Big Bomb until you kill him.

## If You Win ...

_The components of the demolitionist's massive bomb lie scattered and inert. Without the maniacal brain of the traitor to unify them, they are merely innocuous widgets of no great importance._