# 46 -- The Feast

_As you wander the corridors, you smell the aroma of a delicious banquet. You have been invited to a feast! As you try to guess the main course, your anticipation soon turns to horror. Human body parts scattered through the hallways, half-gnawed and overcooked, lead to a severed human head on a silver platter. One of your companions has betrayed you to the deranged cannibals inhabiting this mansion— and it looks like the traitor wants you to become the main course in this cannibal feast._

## Right Now

If the Attic isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it on the upper level. Then shuffle that stack.

Put a number of Victim tokens (crimson) in the Attic equal to the number of heroes.

All Victims begin play facing the same direction. (Each Victim token has an arrow to show its facing.)

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has lured you into a house inhabited by deranged Cannibal Freaks. When the traitor or a Cannibal Freak "feasts" on a Victim (by consuming the Victim's brains or internal organs), that traitor or Cannibal Freak becomes more powerful. The traitor and other freakish cannibals also want to feast on you.

## You Win When ...

... the traitor and all of the Cannibal Freaks are dead, or all the Victims and all the heroes escape the house. If even one Victim or hero gets killed, you will have to defeat all the bad guys.

## The Victims

#### The Victims: Speed 2, Might 3, Sanity 3

Each time you get a Victim out the front door of the house, you'll make it harder for the traitor to win. Once a Victim has gone out the front door, remove that token from the game.

The player to the left of the traitor moves the Victims at the start of his or her turn. Unless a hero is in the same room as a Victim, that

Victim moves two rooms straight ahead. If it can't move straight ahead, it turns to the next exit on its left and takes that exit. This is the only way that a Victim's facing can change.

Victims react to house dangers and required rolls as if they were monsters. A Victim cannot go through an unexplored door.

A Victim stops its movement if it enters the same room as a hero. A Victim won't move on its own as long as it's in the same room as an explorer.

If a hero begins his or her turn in the same room as a Victim, that hero can move with the Victim two spaces in any direction before continuing to move and taking actions for that turn. A hero may only move one Victim at a time, but a Victim may be moved multiple times in a round by multiple heroes.

Traitors and Freaks do not slow Victims; Victims do not slow Traitors and Freaks.

You can attempt a Knowledge roll (picking the lock) or a Might roll of 5+to open the front door in the Entrance Hall. If you succeed, draw an Event card and end your turn. On subsequent turns, all explorers can move out the front door (at the cost of 1 space) with Victims to escape, then re-enter (again at the cost of 1 space) to bring out more victims.

## Special Attack Rules

Instead of being stunned, Victims and Cannibal Freaks are killed if defeated.

Victims cannot attack. Victims do no damage if they are unsuccessfully attacked.

## If You Win ...

_The body of the last slavering freak lies before you, still twitching in a pool of its own saliva and blood. You have won, but ... ugh._
