# 47 -- Worm Ouroboros

_Your friend shudders and drops to the floor. Blood and foam spill from your friend's open mouth. Then your friend's body splits in two, as if a giant zipper opened from head to toe._
_The Worm Ouroboros, the great snake that circles the world, has forced its way into your reality though the body of your ... dead ... friend._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has transformed into a giant, two- headed snake with a very long, large body. If it grows fully, there will be no stopping it. You need to kill it quickly.

## You Win When ...

... the Worm Ouroboros is dead.

## How to Kill Ouroboros

You need to kill both Ouroboros Heads to kill the Worm Ouroboros. To kill a head, follow these steps in order:

1. Pick up the Skull from where the traitor dropped it.

2. Carry the Skull into a room with an Ouroboros Head token. Anyone holding the Skull can attempt a Sanity roll of 5+ once during his or her turn to cast a weakening spell on one of the heads. If you succeed, you lower its Might to 5, making it vulnerable to attacks for the remainder of the game. You may not attack a Head until you have cast this spell.

3. After you successfully cast the spell on an Ouroboros Head, it takes one hit each time you defeat it. Each Ouroboros Head must be hit a number of times equal to half the number of players (rounded up). When this happens, it's killed. The traitor keeps track of the number of hits with the Turn/Damage Track.

## Special Attack Rules

Ouroboros Head and Body tokens affect explorer movement as described on page 12 of the rulebook.

The Revolver and other Speed attacks do not affect the Worm Ouroboros.

## If You Win ...

_The great worm writhes and thrashes in its death agonies. You wipe the blood from your face and sink to the ground. You have killed it. It is dead._
_Wait! Did it twitch again? Is it coming back to life? Can a world-killer ever truly die? Just to be sure, you should leave the house now._