# 48 -- Stacked Like Cordwood

_While you were driving to this mansion, one of your companions spoke of a series of grisly deaths that took place here five years ago. A group of teenagers had slipped away from the safety of their summer camp to explore the Old House on the Hill. They hoped for an amorous interlude ... until a madman slaughtered them one by one. Your companion told you that the murderer couldn't be killed and that his mangled body always returns to kill again._
_Now one of you has seen the madman's picture hanging in the hallway. Judging from the portrait, he looks like he could be a relative of one of your companions ... the one who told you the story. Peering through a doorway, you see your traitorous companion standing in a room with bodies stacked like cordwood._
_And then you hear someone ... or something ... walk through the front door._

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is working with Crimson Jack, a supernatural serial killer. Jack can only be permanently killed with a cursed weapon hidden in the house. If you defeat him any other way, he will return stronger than ever.

## You Win When ...

... you find the cursed weapon and use it to kill Crimson Jack.

## How to Find the Cursed Weapon

You know there's a cursed weapon in the house. It's either the Axe, the Spear, or the Blood Dagger (your choice).

If the heroes don't have the cursed weapon, they must search for it. It's located in the Library, the Chapel, the Vault, or the Attic. Once during your turn, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 3+ in any of these rooms (the Vault must be open) to find it. If you succeed, search through the appropriate stack for a cursed weapon of your choice, take it, and reshuffle that stack.

The heroes must then figure out how to use the cursed weapon against Crimson Jack. A hero in the same room as the cursed weapon can attempt a Might roll or a Knowledge roll of 5+ to study the weapon. Each time an explorer succeeds, put a Might Roll or Knowledge Roll token (as appropriate) on that hero's character card. When the heroes have a number of those tokens equal to the number of players, they understand how the cursed weapon can be used to kill Crimson Jack.

Thereafter, if any hero defeats Crimson Jack using the cursed weapon, Crimson Jack is killed permanently.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

Crimson Jack exudes an aura of fear. At the beginning of your turn, if you're in the same room as Crimson Jack, you must succeed on a Sanity roll of 3+ or lose 1 point from a mental trait and 1 point from a physical trait.

## If You Win ...

_Crimson Jack shivers on the end of the weapon, but he keeps pushing his way forward, that terrible smile never wavering. Just as his hands reach for your neck, Jack fades from view, and your weapon falls to the floor._
_As you leave, you look at Crimson Jack's portrait on the wall. The killer is gone ... for now._