# 49 -- You Wear It Well

_You can hear one of your friends running through the House, laughing and sobbing at the same time. Just as you're starting to run toward your friend, you feel a powerful wind tear through your very soul, casting it out of your body._
_You can still see the walls of the house around you, but they're fuzzy and indistinct. A silvery cord now stretches out of you, leading back to your unconscious body. All you want is to crawl back inside your own flesh, but how? How?_

## Right Now

Knock over your explorer's figure; it's now unconscious. Place a Soul token (light green) in your room. The token is your disembodied Soul.

Set aside a number of Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Sanity Roll tokens.

If there is currently no way to move between the Basement and the rest of the house, search through the room deck and place the Staircase from Basement tile.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is working with a powerful Astral Spirit. If it can possess an unconscious body, it will be immortal.

## You Win When ...

... you destroy the Astral Spirit. Once it has been destroyed, you return to your physical body.

## How to Destroy the Astral Spirit

The heroes can make Knowledge attacks and Sanity attacks against the Astral Spirit. Each time an attack succeeds, put a Knowledge Roll or Sanity Roll token (as appropriate) on that hero's character card. When the heroes have a number of those tokens equal to the number of players in the game, the Astral Spirit is destroyed.

## Souls

As a disembodied Soul:

• You retain all of your traits.

• You can move through walls but not floors and ceilings. You can go up through the Coal Chute, Collapsed Room, and Gallery. You are not affected by any room text that mentions physical traits or physical damage.

• You can use your items, but can't transfer them to other explorers. You cannot pick up or acquire new items in any way. If your Soul is destroyed, your items are destroyed as well.

• You can't explore new rooms.

• Whenever you attack or defend, you can use only Knowledge or Sanity.

• Anything that would inflict physical damage to your Soul inflicts mental damage instead.

• You can't use the Skull, Toy Monkey, or any weapon card.

## Special Attack Rules

If you attack the Spirit and lose, you do not take any damage.

If you make a mental attack against the traitor and defeat him, you stun him.

You can't defend against the traitor if he attacks your unconscious body. When the traitor attacks your unconscious body, you take two dice of mental damage.

## If You Win ...

_Your companion sends a devastating psychic attack through the astral spirit. The air shimmers, and you dissolve._
_When you awaken, your body feels strange to you, as if you got a bit too drunk at a party and wore someone else's coat home. But at least it IS your body. You're sure it will fit again soon._