# 5 -- I Was a Teenage Lycanthrope

_A scream rips through the mansion, growing louder and more terrified, until you're sure you'll have to scream if it doesn't stop. Just as you're sure you can't take any more, the scream quivers and deepens, turning into a howl of pure rage. Your shadow shakes as you realize you stand bathed in the light of the full moon._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Wolf tokens (orange) equal to the number of players in the game and one Silver Bullets token (pentagonal).

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor is a Werewolf that will become more and more powerful. A Werewolf can infect others with lycanthropy, turning them into Werewolves as well.

## You Win When ...

... all of the Werewolves are dead. You do not need to kill the Dog to win.

## How to Kill Werewolves

You must find the Revolver and create Silver Bullets. To do this, you must follow these steps. Each step can be attempted only once each turn.

1. If you don't have the Revolver, you can find it in the Attic, Game Room, Junk Room, Master Bedroom, or Vault. You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to find it in one of those rooms. If you succeed, search the item stack for the Revolver card and take it. Then shuffle that stack. You can search multiple times in the same room, but you can't search more than once during your turn.

2. Go to the Research Laboratory or Furnace Room. You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to create Silver Bullets. If you succeed, take a Silver Bullet token. An explorer can work on creating the bullets while another explorer is looking for the Revolver. (These two tasks can be done in either order.)

3. The hero who created the Silver Bullets must give them to the character with the Revolver (or vice versa).

4. Once an explorer has Silver Bullets, he can use them with the Revolver to kill a Werewolf or the Dog (see below). A single shot with a silver bullet is sufficient to kill a Werewolf.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

If you are attacked by a Werewolf or the Dog and take damage, put a Wolf token on your character card. At the start of each your subsequent turns, if you have a Wolf token you must attempt a Sanity roll of 4+ to resist the Werewolf's curse. If you fail, you become a Werewolf, and you are no longer a hero. (You must then read this haunt in the Traitor's Tome). Explorers who have been bitten but have resisted becoming Werewolves still win if the Werewolves are killed ... at least until the next full moon.

## Special Attack Rules

If a character who has Silver Bullets uses the Revolver to defeat a Werewolf, it is killed. (The Revolver never runs out of bullets.)

## If You Win ...

_Clouds scud across the full moon, blocking its light. The house grows dark and quiet as you stand over the battered body of your dead friend. You had to do it to survive ... but can you live with the knowledge of what you have done?_