# 50 -- Treasure Hunt

_You have long heard stories about a fortune hidden somewhere in this house. Now, in the center of the pentagram. You've just found a framed document. It contains the following message:_

_"I, Josiah Enders, being of sound mind and body, do hereby leave my entire fortune to whoever is clever enough to find it. The clues are scattered throughout the house. Good luck, and be careful!"_

_You'll do anything to get that treasure. Anything at all._

## Right Now

This haunt has no traitor, just heroes. You all hope to find the hidden treasure, but there can be only one winner.

The haunt revealer takes 20 small red monster tokens, numbered from 1 to 20, then turns them face down and mixes them up. He or she places one token face down in each room in the house that has an Omen / Event / Item symbol. These tokens represent Clues to finding the treasure.

## You Win When ...

...you find the treasure. Only one hero can win.

## Searching for Treasure

• You can search for the treasure in any room that contains a face-down Clue token. To do this, spend 1 space of movement and make a Knowledge roll in the room. Then add to your roll the total number of Clue tokens you currently have, in addition to any bonuses granted by the specific Clue tokens you are carrying. Traps (tokens 17-20) do not add to your roll. Consult the following table for the result of your search.

• You can search several, or one room several times, during the same turn.

**Roll 0:** Ouch! You tripped, Take 2 dice of physical damage.
**Roll 1-3:** Nothing. Try again.
**Roll 4-12:** Take the Clue token and turn it face up. Consult the table in the Clues section for its effect.
**Roll 13-15:** The house begins to collapse. If this is the first time this result has been rolled, turn over an unoccupied room tile on the upper floor so that its back is showing. Otherwise, turn over a room adjacent to a room that has already collapsed. The adjacent rooms don't need to have connecting doors. If an occupied room collapses, all explorers in that room are killed. Once the entire upper floor has collapsed, start collapsing the ground floor, beginning with the Grand Staircase. Use pentagonal item tokens to mark the Grand Staircase, Foyer and Entrance Hall as collapsed. If the entire first floor collapses, everyone in the basement dies. If the Mystic Elevator's roll would take it to a floor where there are no uncollapsed rooms with open doorways, then it does not move.
**Roll 16:** You find the treasure!

## Clues

• Most clues provide hints about where to look in various rooms. Whenever you collect a Clue token, consult the table on the next page to find out if it grants a bonus in future searches. Some clues are risky and might kill you if you fail the Knowledge check. A few are actually traps - these don't grant bonuses but instead have a harmful effect.

• You can continue to search for the treasure in a room even after the clue for that room has been found.

• Explorers can trade Clue tokens, just like any other items.

• If you lose a Clue token, whether through trade or theft, you can no longer use its bonus until you get it back.

### Clue table

1. A map: +7 Knowledge when searching the Catacombs.

2. A wine label: +7 Knowledge when searching the Wine Cellar.

3. A bookmark: +7 Knowledge when searching the Library.

4. A note: +7 Knowledge when searching the Dining Room.

5. A water-stained map: +6 Knowledge when searching the Conservatory or the Underground Lake.

6. A biblical quotation: +6 Knowledge when searching the Crypt or the Chapel.

7. A picture of a secret drawer: +5 Knowledge when searching the Attic, Kitchen, Storeroom or Larder.

8. A cryptic passage: +4 Knowledge when searching any basement room.

9. A plan of the house, with an X in every room: +3 Knowledge in any search.

10. A scientific formula: Add your Knowledge to the roll when searching either Laboratory.

11. A musical score: Add your Knowledge to the roll when searching the Organ Room.

12. A series of chess moves: Add your Knowledge to the roll when searching the Game Room.

13. "Some of the statues are hollow, if you can move them": Add your Might to the roll when searching the Statuary Corridor.

14. "You shall place your hand in the fire...": Add your Sanity to the roll when searching the Furnace Room.

15. "Have you ever considered looking outside the house?": +6 Knowledge when searching the Tower, Balcony or any room with an outside-facing window. If your search roll is less than 13 when using this clue, you die!

16. "How good are you at climbing?": Add your Might or Sanity to the roll when searching the Chasm. If your search roll is less than 13 when using this clue, you die!

17. Trap!: A poison dart struck you! From now on, take 1 point of damage to a trait of your choice at the beginning of each of your turns.

18. Trap!: The ceiling begins to descend! You must attempt a Might or Speed roll of 4+. If you fail, you take 3 die of physical damage.

19. Trap!: The room fills with poisonous gas! Everyone on your floor (including you) must attempt a Might roll of 3+. Each explorer who fails the roll takes 3 dice of damage to any trait or combination of traits.

20. You find a puzzle box with sliding sides and two compartments. One side holds a piece of paper; the other holds a black widow spider. You may leave the Clue token here or try to solve the puzzle. If you try, make a Knowledge roll. 5+ > Take two undiscovered Clue tokens from anywhere in the house. 0-4 > Take 4 dice of damage to any trait or combinations of traits.

## Special Attack Rules

• Explorers can attack each other and can steal Clue tokens.

• Damage taken in combat can never reduce any trait to the skull symbol. However, damage from other sources like traps, can still kill you.

## If You Win ...

_Lounging in the Bahamas, sipping your daiquiri, you sometimes feel a little bid bad about some of the things you did to get here. But not very often._