# 6 -- The Floating Eye

_You're not certain if what you hear is a whine almost too high to hear or a thrumming almost too deep to feel. Maybe it's both. Cool, blue lights pulse once, then again. Someone screams, "The masters have come for us! The great eyes will consume our brains!!!"_

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Might Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Aliens can use their mind control abilities to manipulate the heroes. They can do this to all the heroes in a room, so stay spread out if you can.

## You Win When ...

... you disable the Spaceship so it can't take off with your friends.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

If you are under an Alien's control, the traitor will move you toward the Spaceship. At the beginning of your next turn after you enter the room with the Spaceship, you board the ship and are out of the game. You can't make attacks while an Alien's mind-control ability affects you.

## Special Attack Rules

You can free an explorer from an Alien's mind control by attacking and defeating that character, either with normal combat or Sanity combat using the Ring. If you defeat that character, the character only takes half damage (rounded down). You take damage normally when that character defeats you. Once freed, an explorer can't be controlled again.

You can attempt a Might roll of 5+ to damage the Spaceship. Each time you succeed, put a Might Roll token next to it. When the Spaceship has a number of Might Roll tokens next to it equal to the number of players in the game, the Spaceship is disabled.

The Aliens are immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver).

## If You Win ...

_With the help of your so-called friend, those alien things almost captured you. Even now, as you crouch in the bushes, you can see the eyes searching, ever searching. You can feel them calling to you. For a second, your body turns back toward the house. A moment later you turn and run, stumbling for the road and safety._