# 7 -- Carnivorous Ivy

_A dry, rasping sound echoes through the house. At first you're sure giant rattlesnakes are coming to get you, but then you see the tendrils of vines pressing against the windows. As the windows crack and burst, you realize the plants are coming ... coming for you._

## Right Now

Set aside the Plant Spray token (triangular).

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Creepers will try to grab you. (Each matching Root/Tip pair in the house is a "creeper.") The plants feed on fertilizer. They prefer the kind made from dead bodies.

## You Win When ...

... you use the Plant Spray to kill a number of creepers equal to the number of players. When that happens, the rest of the creepers retreat, and the heroes are safe.

## How to Create Plant Spray

You must create a Plant Spray to kill the creepers. To do this, carry the Book to the Research Laboratory or the Kitchen. Once during your turn in one of those rooms, you can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to create the Plant Spray. When you succeed, take the Plant Spray token. You can only create one Plant Spray. If it's destroyed, it can't be recreated.

## Special Attack Rules

You can automatically kill a creeper (a matching Root/Tip pair) by taking the Plant Spray into a room with a creeper Root or Tip and spraying it instead of making an attack that turn.

Roots are not affected by normal attacks, only by the Plant Spray.

Tips can be attacked normally. When you defeat a Tip, you stun it, and it drops whoever it's carrying.

Roots don't slow hero movement as described on page 12 of the rules. Only Tips do.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

If you are grabbed, you may still use items. You can also make an attack against the Tip. You do not take damage normally if it defeats you when you attack while being carried. If you defeat the Tip, it is stunned and releases you. You can then move and take the rest of your turn. If you fail, your turn is over.

## If You Win ...

_The tendrils writhe and thrash about, shattering vases, pictures, and furniture alike. For a second, it feels as if the vines will shake the house down, but then they slither away, shrinking back into the ground. The only sound you hear is sobbing. But who's crying? Oh -- it's you._