# 8 -- Wail of the Banshee

_First you hear a faint sound from outside the room, as if someone is scrambling up the walls or scraping long talons across them. A few seconds later, you catch a glimpse of tattered, silver robes swirling across the edge of your vision. You turn to run to the door just as you hear something enter the room behind you. The creature sighs. The sound creeps across the room, and you feel a terrible chill boring into your heart. Death is nigh._

## Right Now

Set aside a number of Knowledge Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players. Set aside an equal number of Sanity Roll tokens.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

The traitor has used the Spirit Board to summon a baleful Banshee. While carrying the Spirit Board, the traitor is immune to the Banshee's wail.

## You Win When ...

... you successfully perform an exorcism to banish the Banshee.

## How to Banish the Banshee

You must perform an exorcism before the Banshee kills you all. This requires a number of successful "exorcism rolls" equal to the number of players. Each roll requires a specific room or item, and each one requires a Sanity roll or a Knowledge roll. Each explorer can attempt only one exorcism roll during his or her turn.

• You can attempt a Sanity roll of 5+ to perform an exorcism while in the Chapel, Crypt, or Pentagram Chamber, or while holding the Holy Symbol or Spirit Board.

• You can attempt a Knowledge roll of 5+ to perform an exorcism while in the Library or Research Laboratory, or while holding the Book or Crystal Ball.

Each time you succeed at an exorcism roll, put a Sanity Roll or Knowledge Roll token (depending on the trait you used) on the item card or room tile you used for that part of the exorcism.

If the heroes successfully use an item or room as part of an exorcism roll, no explorer can use that item or room in an exorcism again. (For example, if you successfully perform a Sanity roll in the Chapel, then you can't use the Chapel again.)

When the heroes have placed a number of these tokens equal to the number of players, the Banshee is banished.

## Special Attack Rules

The Banshee can't be attacked. Stealing the Spirit Board from the Traitor will cause him to be affected by the Banshee but will not grant immunity to the hero who holds the Board.

## If You Win ...

_The shrieking grows closer and closer. Then the walls begin to shake. When you glance into a nearby mirror, you can see your hair turning white. The screeching is coming from just outside the door! The doorknob turns as you cry out the last words of the exorcism. Silence follows._