# 9 -- The Dance of Death

_Every clock in the house strikes midnight ... even though you're sure it isn't that late. As the clocks quiet, a lone fiddler plays a haunting melody that floats through the air, calling you to dance. The music makes your soul shrivel, but it also makes your lips curl up into a smile. How can something be so awful and so wonderful at the same time?_

## Right Now

This haunt doesn't begin with a traitor. Each hero has a chance to become a traitor during his or her turn.

If the Pentagram Chamber and Staircase Up aren't in the house, the Haunt revealer must search the room stack for them and put them in the basement. Do the same for the Ballroom, connecting it to the ground floor room of your choice. The Pentagram Chamber must be placed as far from the revealer as possible. Then shuffle the room stack.

Set aside a number of Sanity Roll tokens (triangular) equal to the number of players.

## What You Know About the Bad Guys

Somewhere in the house, a Dark Fiddler is playing music that bites into your brain. A dance of death has begun in the Ballroom.

## You Win When ...

... you banish the Dark Fiddler.

## How to Banish the Fiddler

To banish the Dark Fiddler, you must complete the following steps, in order. You can only attempt one step during your turn.

1. The character who has the Holy Symbol can move to the Pentagram Chamber. That character can't voluntarily give the Holy Symbol to anyone else.

2. When the Holy Symbol is held by a hero in the Pentagram Chamber, you can attempt a Sanity roll of 5+ to defy the Dark Fiddler. You don't need to have the Holy Symbol to attempt this roll, as long as you are in the same room with it. If you succeed at this roll, put a Sanity Roll token in that room.

3. When the Pentagram Chamber has a number of Sanity Roll tokens equal to the number of explorers at the start of the Haunt, the heroes have successfully banished the Dark Fiddler.

## You Must Do This on Your Turn

At the start of your turn, you must attempt a Sanity roll of 4+ to resist the Dark Fiddler's lure, unless you have the Holy Symbol.

If you fail, and you're in the Ballroom, you become a traitor. (You must then read this haunt in the Traitor's Tome.)

If you fail this roll in another room, lose 1 Sanity damage instead. If your Sanity is lowered to the skull symbol, you don't die; instead, you become a traitor (and can read this haunt in the Traitor's Tome). Otherwise, you must move toward the Ballroom by the shortest route through discovered rooms. You may perform other actions normally along the way if you wish.

If your Sanity drops to 0 for any other reason in this scenario, you also become insane.

## Special Attack Rules

The Dark Fiddler can't be attacked.

## If You Win ...

_The fiddler plays faster and faster as you defiantly chant the words to banish him. Rain falls from the ceiling, pelting down upon the pentagram and the fiddler within. As he plays on, you notice his face beginning to melt like wax in fire. The terribly beautiful music continues as the fiddler melts, fading only when the last remnant of his body disappears in the driving rain._