# 1 -- The Mummy Walks

_The wall in front of you shivers and slides away to reveal an ancient sarcophagus, its curved lid dusty and covered with hieroglyphs. The hieroglyphs glow softly, drawing you to them. A raspy voice slides into your mind, saying, "I lost my bride more years ago than you could possibly comprehend. My tears are dust, but my love is still as strong as the sun. Now my love is reborn to me. Mortal hands shall not keep me from reuniting with her."_

_As the voice fades, you smile. It's so clear. Your friends must die so the lovers can be reunited. As the lid slides off the sarcophagus, you turn to meet your new friend ... your new god._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.
Put the Mummy token (large) and the Sarcophagus token (pentagonal) in the room where the haunt was revealed.
You lose the Girl and any bonuses from the Girl card. Put the Girl token (crimson) in any room on the same floor as the room where the haunt was and at least five tiles away from the Mummy. If no rooms are at least five tiles away, place her as far away as possible on that floor.
Set aside the Girl card. When an explorer enters the same room as the Girl token, that player takes the Girl card.
If you get the Girl, you can give her to the Mummy while you're in the same room. The Mummy then becomes the Girl's custodian.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to banish the Mummy back to the land of the dead.

## You Win When ...

... the Mummy is the Girl's custodian, has the Ring or the Holy Symbol, and returns with them to the room with the Sarcophagus, or else all heroes are dead. If neither the Ring nor the Holy Symbol is in play the next time you discover a room with an Omen symbol, search through the Omen deck and draw either card.

## The Mummy Must Do This ...
... during Its turn: If the Mummy rolls a 0 or a 1 for its movement, it may use a secret passage to move to any space in the house.
Once during the monster turn, the Mummy must attack one explorer in the same room (if it can).
The Mummy can carry items and act as the Girl's custodian, but the Girl and those items don't affect his traits. You may transfer items and the Girl to the Mummy if you are in the same space.


## Special Attack Rules

#### The Mummy: Speed 3, Might 8, Sanity 5

The Mummy makes Might attacks but inflicts Speed damage until its opponent's Speed is at its lowest number. (This attack can't lower that trait to the skull symbol.) After that, its opponent takes Might damage instead until he or she is dead.
When the Mummy inflicts 2 or more points of damage with an attack, it can steal an item from its opponent instead of inflicting that damage. The Mummy can also take the Girl from her custodian this way.
The Mummy is immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver and Dynamite).

## If You Win ...

_The girl sits crumpled in the corner, crying out to you for help. The mummy crosses the room and picks her up in its linen-clad arms. Slowly, tenderly, the mummy breathes into the wailing girl's mouth. Her cries soften and her tears glow amber as her eyes turn upward. "My Priest, my love ... we are together once more," croons the fragile girl, "and soon the world will worship us. Their flesh will be ours to burn, their souls ours to feast upon ... ."_

