# 10 -- Family Gathering

_The Madman cocks his head, listening. "Do you hear it?" he asks. "Under the floor, where I put them. My family."_
_The floor buckles and cracks, and two corpses heave into the light. One corpse fixes you with a maggoty smile._
_The Madman grabs you from behind, holding you in place, whispering, "Mama and Papa ... they're looking to adopt."_

## Right Now

Get a number of Zombie tokens (light green) equal to the number of players. Put each one in a room with an omen symbol. Put no more than one in the same room. If there aren't enough omen rooms, put leftover Zombies into any room that doesn't have an event symbol.

The Madman has killed you. Remove your figure from the house and put the Madman token (crimson) in its place.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of damage.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to trap all the Zombies in special rooms throughout the house.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead.

## Zombies

#### Zombie: Speed 2, Might 6, Sanity 2, Knowledge 3

#### The Madman: Speed 3, Might 5, Sanity 5

You can move each Zombie as you choose, until it has line of sight (through an uninterrupted straight line of doors) to an explorer. At that time, it must move toward the closest explorer it can see. If it sees two explorers the same distance away, you choose which one it moves toward. Once a Zombie starts moving toward an explorer, it continues moving toward that explorer for
the rest of its turn. Once a Zombie cannot see any living explorers, you may move it as you choose again.

At the start of a Zombie's turn, if another explorer is in sight who's closer than the explorer it pursued last turn, it moves toward the closer explorer.

A Zombie attacks as soon as it's in a room with an explorer.

If a Zombie enters a room where the heroes can trap it, they'll tell you what happens.

The Madman can take 5 points of physical damage before he is killed. Use the plastic clip on the Turn/Damage Track to keep track of this. Whatever damage he takes has no effect on his traits.

## If You Win ...

_The family is cross with you. The new children you promised Mama and Papa, the new siblings you pledged to Brother and Sister ... they're all broken. They lie where the family finally caught and embraced each one, spilling fluids, organs, and shards of white bone across the floor._
_You don't want the family cross with you. You hear Mama crying beneath the floorboards._
_As you step out of the house, you call over your shoulder, "Don't cry, Mama! I know where to find more."_
