# 11 -- Let Them In

_The others called your new friend mad. You thought so too, at first. But his slurred words and garbled instructions have suddenly fallen into place, and you UNDERSTAND._
_The mist! The mist you've seen outside the windows. Things live in the mist, you know that now. And they want in. A thrill of anticipation rushes through you as you wonder what they'll do once inside._
_The Madman yells, "At last! Throw wide the windows!" You obey._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

You lose any bonuses from the Madman. Set the card aside. Put the Madman token (crimson) in your room.

Put a Specter token (light green) facedown in the Entrance Hall and in each room with an outside- facing window. These Specters are outside the house waiting for you and the Madman to let them in. Rooms with outside-facing windows are the Grand Staircase, the Master Bedroom, the Bedroom, the Chapel, and the Dining Room. If a room is set up so that the window is "false" and faces another wall, then a Specter is not placed there.

## What You Know About the Heroes

If they succeed with an exorcism, they'll banish the Specters.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead.

## How To Let the Specters In

#### Specters: Speed 4, Sanity 6

#### The Madman: Speed 7, Might 7, Sanity 7

You must open doors and windows to let the Specters in. Both you and the Madman can open the windows and the front door. Opening a window or the front door counts as one space of movement.

Once a door or a window has been opened, turn over the Specter token in that room. Specters can move and attack the same turn they are turned face up.

If a room with an outside-facing window is discovered later, put a facedown Specter token in it. If a window becomes "false" by being blocked by another room before its specter is released, remove the facedown Specter.

Facedown Specters do not affect heroes moving through their rooms, and are not affected by the Bell or Spirit Board.

## The Madman Must Do This ...

... on his turn. The Madman moves by the shortest route possible to the closest facedown Specter token. Once all of the facedown Specters have been turned over, the Madman continues exploring the house, looking for rooms with outside-facing windows. The Madman can discover new rooms, but he still ignores all room features and does not stop and draw cards when he enters an unexplored room with an icon. These rooms count as having been explored for other explorers. Once all of the room tiles listed above are in the house and all available Specters are activated, the Madman can attack.

## Special Attack Rules

Specters make Sanity attacks.
If an explorer who possesses the Ring defeats a Specter with a Sanity attack, the Specter is killed.
The Madman can't attack explorers before all of the Specters are inside the house, but he can defend himself if attacked.

## If You Win ...

_It isn't until later, when you're washing the blood off your hands and rubbing the screams out of your ears, that you realize what it was, exactly, the things in the mist wanted. Good thing you let them in._