# 13 -- Perchance to Dream

_Your body has entered a new place -- a very, very bad place -- but a place where, you discover with a thrill of anticipation, that you have a measure of control!_
_This is your chance to change everything. The thought seeps up from the back of your mind ... take a break, rest for a while. Why not lie down and take a little nap? It's such a nice bed ... ._
_The eyes of your fleshy cage close, and for the first time, your subconscious eyes open! Time to set your dreams free. Let the screaming begin._

## Right Now

Tip your figure over in the room it's in when the haunt is revealed. Your body is asleep. You can't move or take any actions. Drop all of your items. Set aside the Dog, the Girl, or the Madman cards if they're with you and adjust your traits accordingly. You cannot be killed by this adjustment.

Put a number of Nightmare tokens (blue) equal to the number of players into the room with your sleeping body.

Secretly count the number of "escape rooms" in the house. Escape rooms are rooms with outside- facing windows, as well as the Conservatory, Entrance Hall, Gardens, Graveyard, Patio, Tower, and Balcony tiles. If a room is set up so that the window is "false" and faces another wall, it still counts as an escape room and may be used by Nightmares to escape. If the number of escape rooms is lower than the number of explorers, go through the room deck and add rooms from the escape list onto any appropriate floor until the number of escape rooms equals the number of players. Write the number of escape rooms down, but keep it secret from the other players.

Set aside a number of "escape tokens" equal to the number of escape rooms in the house. (Any distinctive set of tokens, such as Rat or Blob tokens, will do.)

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to wake your physical body.

## You Win When ...

... a number of Nightmares escape the house equal to the number of escape rooms in the house when the Haunt was discovered. When this happens, show the heroes the number you've written down.

## How Nightmares Escape

#### Nightmares: Speed 5, Might 4, Sanity 4

A Nightmare in an escape room escapes from the house by spending one space of movement.

Once a Nightmare escapes from any given room, no more Nightmares can escape from that room. Put an escape token in the room to show that the escape route has been used. If new escape rooms are discovered, you may use them to allow your Nightmares to escape, but they do not add to the total number of escapes you need.

When a Nightmare is killed or escapes the house, you can unleash another Nightmare. Put a Nightmare token into the room with your figure. (Reuse tokens as needed.)

## Special Attack Rules

The Nightmares can attack explorers with Might but do mental instead of physical damage.

If a Nightmare is defeated while being attacked, it's killed instead of being stunned. If it is defeated while attacking it is stunned normally.

## If You Win ...

_You look into the eyes of your body, but from the outside. With horror, that fleshy cage recognizes its own subconscious. It tries to scream, but the sound is muffled by living nightmares._
