# 14 -- The Stars Are Right

_Separating yourself from your friends, or victims as you like to think of them, you greet the zealous followers of your cult. Slowly, rhythmically, you begin to stomp your feet and chant. The others join in. Louder and louder your voices grow, praying to all that is evil and unholy that your sacrifices will be accepted tonight. The cult is praying that your dread god will appear before you ... and bathe in the blood of your friends._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put a number of Cultist tokens (crimson) in the Pentagram Chamber equal to the number of other players.

## You Win When ...

... either all the heroes are dead or you summon your god.

## What You Know About the Heroes

The only way they could stop you from summoning your god is by desecrating the Pentagram. They will use the cans of paint (Paint tokens) that are hidden throughout the house.

## How to Summon the God

You must make sacrifices to summon your god. Build up a total of 13 sacrifice points by bringing the following sacrifices into the Pentagram Chamber:

Points, Sacrifice
- 4, Explorer's corpse
- 2, Girl, Madman, or Dog 1 Any other omen or item

Item cards that you sacrifice are removed from the game and kept in a separate pile.

Keep track of the sacrifice points on a piece of paper.

You can sacrifice the Girl, Madman, or Dog when you have that card in the Pentagram Chamber. You can't steal, carry, or sacrifice the cans of Paint.

## Cultists

#### Cultists: Speed 4, Might 4, Sanity 4

Cultists can carry items and explorers' corpses. They can steal items from explorers if they roll two or more higher than the explorer they attack. Any items they carry do not affect their traits or give them abilities. They can't carry cans of Paint.

## Special Attack Rules

If an explorer is killed, tip that figure over to mark its corpse.

A Cultist can pick up a corpse (as an item) and carry it, but while it's doing this, moving into a room counts as two spaces of movement. The traitor can also carry corpses with the same restriction. Take an explorer's figure when you're carrying its corpse.

## If You Win ...

_The house shakes and glass shatters as the universe screams. A wound rips through time and space, and through it, your god is reborn. Drenched in the blood of your friends, your god is beautiful and terrible, a wonder and a blight. The world lays bare before him, and all within it are his children, his blood ... his sacrifices._
