# 15 -- Here There Be Dragons

_You look at a child's drawing you found lying on the floor. Your finger taps the image of the fire- breathing dragon. "I wish I had a dragon," you muse._
_Unbelievably, the front doors burst open and an enormous dragon roars in, rampaging and snorting fire!_
_You must be dreaming! You smile. These are the sorts of dreams you love. The ones where you get to call the shots. By their reactions, you see that your fellow explorers want to disbelieve what they see. Irritated, you decide that you'd rather keep this dream going for a bit. The best way to do that is to do away with the unbelievers._
_"Eat 'em, dragon! Eat them all!"_

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Dragon token (large) in the Entrance Hall.

Put the Shield token (pentagonal) in the Chasm or the Crypt. Put the Antique Armor token in the Catacombs or the Underground Lake. If neither room for an item has been discovered, place the item in whichever room is discovered first. Get out the Turn/Damage Track and a plastic clip, but don't mark a number yet. You'll need it to keep track of damage.

What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to slay the Dragon.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead.

## The Dragon

#### The Dragon: Speed 3, Might 8, Sanity 6

Use the Turn/Damage Track to keep track of how much damage the heroes inflict to the Dragon. When they have inflicted an amount of damage to it equal to the number of players, the Dragon is killed. Taking damage does not affect its traits.

## Special Attack Rules

The dragon can attack twice during its turn, once with firebreathing and once by biting. It doesn't have to make both attacks at the same time, and it can do them in either order.
Firebreathing: Any explorer (including you) in the same and adjacent rooms to the Dragon must attempt a Speed roll when it breathes fire. (The adjacent room must have a connecting door.)

In room with the Dragon --
- 4+ Take no damage from fire this turn. 0–3 Take 4 dice of physical damage.

In an adjacent room --
- 4+ Take no damage from fire this turn. 0–3 Take 2 dice of physical damage.

Biting: This is a Might attack.
Toughness: Whenever the Dragon is defeated, it takes 2 less points of damage.

The Dragon is immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver and Dynamite). It can be damaged by a Sanity attack from an Explorer using the Ring.

## If You Win...

_You felt a little sick at first, especially when the dragon took its first big bite out of one of your friends. All that blood and icky stuff came coiling out. And you didn't feel too good when the dragon lit up one of your other friends like a huge, human-shaped torch, all screaming and writhing (for a little bit, until the shape collapsed and just burned)._
_Good thing this is all a dream._
