# 16 -- The Phantom's Embrace

_They thought they knew you. They thought you'd do whatever they told you to do, but they were wrong. They tried to take the girl away from you, and that was their biggest mistake._
_Now she's safe from them. You summoned a phantom to guard her, keeping her hidden within the house. When they come to get her, you'll have a little surprise ready for them. Soon, your old "friends" won't be in any condition to boss you around again._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

The explorer with the Girl loses her, and she flees. Set the Girl card and Girl token (crimson) aside and adjust that character's traits accordingly.

Set aside the Phantom token (light green).

Set aside at least 20 "distinctive tokens." (Rat tokens or Blob tokens work well for this.)

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll need it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to save the Girl and themselves.

## You Win When ...

... either you blow up the house or all the heroes are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number. Then roll a number of dice equal to that number. The house blows up if you roll the following number or higher:

Total # of players - House blows up on:
- 3 players - 8+
- 4 players - 7+
- 5 players - 6+
- 6 players - 5+

## The Phantom

#### The Phantom: Might 6, Sanity 5

The Phantom appears each time the explorers discover a basement room with an event or omen symbol. When one of those rooms is discovered, put the Phantom token and Girl token in that room. Then put one of the distinctive tokens in that room.

After the Phantom appears, a hero can attack it. If the Phantom is defeated, it's killed and the explorers get the Girl. Otherwise, it escapes with the Girl -- both tokens are set aside again. It shows up again (you put both tokens back) the next time a hero discovers a basement room with an event symbol.

The heroes can't use a special attack to steal the Girl.

If the entire basement has been explored and the Phantom is still alive, choose any basement room and announce which room the Phantom and the Girl are in at the start of the monster turn. The Phantom never moves to the same room twice until each basement room has a "distinctive token."

## Special Attack Rules

The Phantom doesn't attack, but it can defend itself. If it defends successfully, it flees.

## If You Win ...
_Tick, tock, tick, tock, BOOM!_
