# 17 -- A Breath of Wind

_The trembling of the house and an echo of pained laughter inform you that your companions have disturbed your old friend, the poltergeist. Their insensitivity is appalling. Can't they just let him rest, after all he's suffered? Well, you'll just have to eliminate the disturbance..._

## Right Now

• Your explorer is still in the game but has turned traitor.

• Place a small purple monster token (representing the Poltergeist) in the room where the haunt was revealed.

• Set up te Turn / Damage track with a plastic clip at 4.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They are attempting to exorcise the Poltergeist.

## You Win When ...

...all the heroes are dead.

## Helping the Poltergeist

You can help the Poltergeist by attacking your fellow explorers or by finding or stealing items for the Poltergeist.

#### Poltergeist: Speed 3, Might X, Sanity 4

Unlike a regular monster, the Poltergeist can pick up, steal, trade and drop any number of items, just like an explorer. However, it ignores all the normal effects of items it carries.

• The Poltergeist starts with Might 4. Each time it picks up an item, advance the Turn / Damage track by 1. At the end of each monster turn, if the Poltergeist is in the Junk Room, Storeroom, Attic, Library, Wine Cellar, Research Laboratory or Operating Laboratory, draw an item card for the Poltergeist and advance the Turn / Damage track by 1.

• Each time the Poltergeist loses an item, lower the Turn / Damage track by 1.

## Special Attack Rules

• The Poltergeist can make a separate Might attack against each hero it reaches each turn (but it cannot attack a given hero more than once). When attacking, the Poltergeist's Might is equal to the current value of the Turn / Damage track (maximum 8). It can choose to steal an item (and add to its Might) if it would inflict 2 or more points of damage. The Poltergeist is not harmed if the hero wins the combat.

• The Poltergeist is immune to Might attacks and cannot be harmed by the Revolver. If the Dynamite explores in the room with the Poltergeist, the Poltergeist drops all items it is carrying and is removed from play, but it can re-reform on its next turn (see below).

## Re-Forming the Poltergeist

At the start of each monster turn, te Poltergeist has the option to re-form in any room with an omen symbol. If it does, it drops any items it was carrying. Set the Turn / Damage track to 3. The Poltergeits then appears in the omen room of your choice before continuing its turn. If it re-forms in the Junk Room, advance the Turn / Damage track to 4.

## If You Win ...

_The cloud of levitating objects spins in glee as the final intruder falls to the floor. At last all is peaceful and you can sit down for a quiet chat with your old friend..._