# 18 -- United We Stand

_At first, the pain is agonizing, but soon enough, it gives clarity - and understanding. The flesh is weak... but it can be molded, just like wax. The more malleable the wax becomes, the stronger you grow. Your flesh is flowing. Now all you need is more flesh. A lot more flesh._

## Right Now

• Your explorer is still in the game but has turned traitor.

• Take the Turn / Damage track and two plastic clips. Set one along the top to 5, representing your new Might. Set the other along the bottom to the number of explorers + 1, representing your new speed. Your mental traits remain unchanged.

## What You Know About the Heroes

The want to kill you by melting your glorious flesh. They also want to escape by leaving through the front door. You can pull them back with your enormous strength.

## You Win When ...

...you kill at least two of the heroes to absorb them and gain strength, then escape through the front door. Alternatively, you winn if all but one of the heroes are dead (no one will believe his or her wild story).

## Special Movement Rule

Roll a number of dice equal to your Speed to determine your movement each turn, instead of your normal movement. You can always move at least 1 space no matter what you roll.

## Special Attack Rules

• You take no damage from physical attacks; your flesh is too strong.

• A hero using the Ring can attack you with Sanity. If the hero defeats you, he or she can move you in any direction as many spaces as the difference in die rolls instead of inflicting damage. If the Dynamite explores in your room, you are stunned for one turn.

• If any heroes escape from the house, you can attempt to pull them back in. You must be in the Entrance Hall, a room with an outside-facing window (Grand Staircase, Master Bedroom, Bedroom, Chapel and Dining Room) or a room that is open to the outside (Conservatory, Entrance Hall, Gardens, Graveyard, Patio, Tower and Balcony). Make a Might roll against the Might of the strongest hero outside the house. That hero adds 1 to the roll for each other hero who i also outside. If you roll higher, you pull a hero of your choice back into the house and can then attack him or her normally (place the hero in your room). You can do this multiple times during a turn until you fail an attack.

• If you kill a hero, you absorb him or her into your body. Increase your Might by 1 and reduce your Speed by 1.

## If You Win ...

_Flesh, flesh, glorious flesh! It bubbles and streams and swells over your every muscle and pore, growing larger and thicker, absorbing more and more victims! Will it stop? Can it stop? You don't know, and you don't care anymore. There is only flesh._