# 19 -- A Friend for the Ages

_It has now been three centuries since you were given the portrait by a dear, dear friend. In it, you have stored your ills and infirmities, your age and your injuries - and also your morality, for you are now supremely evil. It has been your ward against all harm, and with it, you have had many happy opportunities to harm all those around you._

_But it is no longer safe. You're certain they're after it. They want it for themselves. You must protect it... at any cost._

## Right Now

• Your explorer is still in the game but has turned traitor.

• If any of your traits are below their starting values, raise them to their starting values.

• The, do the following a number of times equal to the number of heroes in the game: Determine which of your traits above its starting value is the least above that value (A trait at its starting value counts as 0 above that value). You may choose from among tied trait. Increase that trait by 1.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They are trying to kill you by repainting your portrait.

## You Win When ...

...you destroy at least three Paint tokens, or all the heroes are dead.

## Destroying Paint Tokens

• The heroes will place Paint tokens in the House at appropriate times. These can be picked up, dropped, traded, and stolen like regular items, but they cannot be carried by the dog. Each explorer can carry only one Paint token at a time.

• If you are carrying a Paint token on your turn, you can destroy it instead of making an attack.

## You can do this...

...after you have finished moving on your turn. Since it is your house, you can search through the stack of room tiles, choose one, and put it in any legal place. Then shuffle that stack.

## Your portrait

You must not look upon your portrait. Whenever you enter or start your turn at the Gallery, you must attempt a Sanity roll of 4+. If you fail, you take 1 die of mental damage (this damage ignores your general immunity, as described below).

## Special Attack Rules

• You cannot be harmed by normal means. You traits cannot be reduced by events, room features or damages, except where the haunt rules state otherwise. You can still take damage from entering the Gallery, as described above.

• When you acquire or lose an item, you increase or decrease your traits normally, as described on the card. Exception: you take no damage if the Blood Dagger is stolen from you).

• An opponent can steal an item from you during physical combat.

## If You Win ...

_The last of them struggle in desperation, but you know they cannot harm you. Your portrait still protects you, as you have protected it. Eventually, they all break against your limitless vitality. You shall endure... forever._