# 2 -- The Séance

_A dread chill descends upon the house, and a voice clatters through the air, "I must rest ... put my soul to rest ...or die ... ." As the words fade, the spirit board you are carrying begins to throb, matching the rhythm of your heart. Looking down at the board, you see the mist coil into letters on its surface:
K I L L T H E M A L L._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.
Set aside the Ghost token (light green).
If the Pentagram Chamber isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it next to a Basement doorway at least five tiles away from you. (If there are no Basement doorways at least five tiles away, put it as far away from you as you can.) Then shuffle that stack.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They are trying to summon the Ghost before you do. If they succeed, they'll gain control of the Ghost and receive a quest to complete. If they fail, they'll try to destroy the Ghost instead.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead, regardless of who summons the Ghost first.

## How to Summon the Ghost

There's a race between you and the other explorers to summon the Ghost. To summon it, you must conduct a séance.
While you have the Spirit Board, you can attempt a Knowledge roll or a Sanity roll. During your turn, you can attempt only one of these rolls. A 5+ succeeds. When you've succeeded at one Knowledge roll and one Sanity roll, you've summoned the ghost.
The heroes are also attempting Knowledge and Sanity rolls to summon the Ghost. If you succeed with your summoning before they do, put the Ghost token next to your character. If the other explorers succeed first, they will tell you what happens.

## If You Summon the Ghost First ...

Ghost's declaration (read aloud):"I will have my revenge against the living!"

If the traitor dies, you keep control of the Ghost. The Ghost must move toward a hero during each turn you control it, attacking if it can.

At the end of your first turn in control of the Ghost, the house begins collapsing. The first room to collapse must be the Attic (or, if the Attic isn't in the house, any unoccupied upper floor room). After that, at the end of each explorer's turn, tell that explorer to choose a new room to collapse.

To collapse a room, choose a room tile and turn it over so its back is showing. A room can't collapse unless it is adjacent to another collapsed room. The adjacent rooms don't need to have connecting doors. Diagonal is not adjacent. If an occupied room collapses, all explorers in that room are killed (including you).

Once the entire upper floor has collapsed, start collapsing the ground floor beginning with the Grand Staircase. Use tokens to mark the Grand Staircase, Foyer, and Entrance Hall as they collapse. Once the ground floor is gone, collapse the basement starting at the Basement Landing.
If the Mystic Elevator's roll would take it to a floor where there are no uncollapsed rooms with open doorways, then it does not move.
Only the Ghost can pass through collapsed rooms.
The Ghost can move through walls and collapsed rooms. You control the Ghost if you summon it first or if the heroes summon it first but then fail in their quest.

## Special Attack Rules
#### The Ghost: Speed 4, Sanity 6

No one can attack until after the séance has been completed.
The Ghost makes Sanity attacks which cause mental damage. The possessor of the Ring or anyone in the Pentagram Chamber can make Sanity attacks against the Ghost.
If the Ghost attacks and rolls lower than a hero, it is not harmed.

## If You Win ...

_The mists fill the house now, from top to bottom. You glide through them, as silent as the ghost hovering by your side. Your heartbeat slows and stills. Silence. Now there are two spirits destined to haunt this place together. Forever._

