# 20 -- Ghost Bride

_An apparition in white lace shimmers into view. "You've left me alone these long years," speaks a feminine voice, "but I waited. For you. For our wedding." The ghost glides towards one of your fellow explorers and says, "Once you are DEAD LIKE ME, we can be together FOREVER."_
_The ghost fades, but the faint sound of an organ playing a wedding march sighs gently through the house. Tears come to your eyes. You hate it when love is denied. You're going to see this wedding through ..._
_... whether the groom wants it or not._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Bride token (crimson) in your room. You may move it as a monster.

The ghostly Bride chooses a groom from among the other heroes. She chooses the hero carrying the Ring, unless that character is female, in which case she chooses the oldest male hero. If there are no male heroes, choose one at random from the box and put it in the Entrance Hall. He will not move or take any actions during the scenario but can be attacked. Then announce who the chosen groom is.

Set aside the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll need it to keep track of time after the wedding starts.

If the Chapel isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it in the house. If the Crypt isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it in the Basement. You will want to put both rooms in inaccessible places. Put a Corpse token (crimson) in the Crypt. Shuffle the room stack.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to stop the wedding.

## You Win When ...

... you get the ghostly Bride to marry her chosen groom.

## Ghost Bride

The traits of the Bride depend on the total number of players.

- 3–4 players: Speed 4, Sanity 6
- 5–6 players: Speed 5, Sanity 7

The Bride can move through walls. She cannot be damaged or stunned by any means, including Sanity attacks from the Ring or being defeated when she attacks.

## Special Attack Rules

The Bride makes Sanity attacks, inflicting mental damage to anyone other than the chosen groom.

If she inflicts 1–2 points of mental damage against the groom, he loses 1 Might. If she inflicts 3-4 points of mental damage to the groom, he loses 2 Might, and if she inflicts 5+ points, he loses 3 Might.

## How to Get the Bride Married

1. Kill the chosen groom. He then becomes a ghost under your control. He drops all items, including the Ring.
2. Put the chosen groom and the Bride in the Chapel.
3. Start the wedding.
4. At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1. The wedding will be complete on Turn 3.

## If You Win ...

_Weddings always make you cry._
