# 21 -- House of the Living Dead

_Tired, you lean back against the wall. Something's making a noise behind it. Tick. Tick-tick. Tick._
_What the heck? Rats, maybe, or an insect? You remember when wasps got into the wall at your house. Damn vermin! You crouch down to peer into a large crack in the wainscoting. An ashen hand emerges, grasps you around the neck, and pulls you through. You die before you can scream._
_Blink. Blink. Sniff. "Mmmm, hungry." Must eat flesh. Kill. Eat. EAT!_

## Right Now

Your explorer is dead. Drop all your items and replace your character's figure with the Zombie Lord token (large). Take a number of Zombie tokens (light green) equal to the number of players. Place them in the following rooms (in order): Crypt, Graveyard, Entrance Hall, Underground Lake, Gardens, Chapel, Conservatory, and Pentagram Chamber. If there are more players than the number of these rooms that have been discovered, put more than one Zombie in a room, in order, until all Zombie tokens are placed.

Once you've placed those Zombie tokens, put another Zombie token in each room that has one (placing them in order).

Get out the Turn/Damage Track and a plastic clip. You'll use it to keep track of damage.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They'll fight against you. Avoid fighting explorers who have weapons, if possible.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## Special Zombie Attack Rules

#### Zombie: Speed 2, Might 5, Sanity 2

Defeating a Zombie with a weapon that requires a Might attack kills it. Dynamite can also kill Zombies. Any other attack stuns a Zombie as normal.

If an explorer dies, that explorer becomes a Zombie (and then has the same traits as a Zombie.) That player may read the Traitor guide and continue to move his or her zombie character during his or her regular turn. If the traitor wins, and a player Zombie has killed a hero, the player controlling that Zombie also wins.

Zombies may not work the Mystic Elevator, but the Zombie Lord can.

## Special Zombie Lord Attack Rules

#### Zombie Lord: Speed 3, Might 7, Sanity 2

The Zombie Lord (you) is governed by all the normal rules that govern monsters -- you roll for movement and cannot pick up items, explore new rooms, etc.

The Zombie Lord can be damaged only by an explorer holding the Medallion. Instead of being stunned, you can take 7 points of damage before you are killed. Use the Turn/Damage Track to record damage. Damage does not reduce your traits.

## If You Win ...

_Everyone is dead. Sniff. Still hungry. Sniff, sniff. The thought trickles into your dead, blasted consciousness, that even though not quite as juicy, the flesh of a zombie is still flesh._
_You advance. "Mmmm, hungry." Must eat zombie flesh. Kill. Eat. EAT!_
