# 22 -- The Abyss Gazes Back

You knock another hole in the floor with a savage kick. This time, instead of dust and rotting supports, you discover what you sought. The Abyss. Flames. A portal to Hell. Cackling, you rub your hands together.

Just in case the groaning floor of the widening pit doesn't alert everyone else in the house, you scream, "Hang on, everyone! We're all goin' to HELL!" A flickering glow paints the walls, and gray mist rushes into the room. A portion of the house crumbles and falls, down, down into a burning lake of fire.

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Choose any unoccupied room in the basement that has an omen or event symbol. If there is no such room at present, draw the first legal basement room from the room deck and place it in the basement. This room is where the Abyss starts. Tell everyone.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to perform an exorcism to stop the house from being sucked into the Abyss.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of your first turn, collapse the basement room tile where the Abyss starts (by turning it over).

At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1.

If you draw an Event card while you are in the Basement, you may go through the Event stack and draw Secret Stairs or Secret Passage if they are there, instead of drawing normally.

You may still collapse rooms on your turn (and eventually win) even if you are killed.

## Each Player Must Do This Every Turn

At the end of each player's turn, that player must destroy part of the house, starting on Turn 2. The Abyss always disintegrates a room that is adjacent to another Abyss space. (The rooms do not need to have a connecting door. Diagonal is not considered adjacent) The Abyss consumes rooms at the following rate:

- Turn 2: Each player collapses one room.

- Turn 3: Each player rolls 2 dice and collapses that many rooms.

- Turn 4: Each player rolls 3 dice and collapses that many rooms.

- Turn 5: Each player rolls 4 dice and collapses that many rooms.

If any explorer (including the traitor) is in a room when the Abyss engulfs it, that character must attempt a Speed roll of 4+ to escape. If the roll succeeds, the explorer escapes by jumping into an adjacent discovered room with a connecting door (if there is one). If the roll fails, or if there isn't a room that fits this description, the character dies.

If the Abyss engulfs a whole floor, it moves to the next floor up, starting in an unoccupied room of your choosing with an unexplored door.

The Entrance Hall, Foyer, and Grand Staircase each count as a separate room. Use a token to indicate when each is sucked into the Abyss.

## If You Win ...

_Hell welcomes you. As the flesh sears and smokes away from your friends' bones, you can't help but try to smile. But your skin also sloughs away in the all-consuming fire. See what impulsiveness gets you?_