# 23 -- Tentacled Horror

_Ropy lengths of muscled tissue flail into view. Jagged, horn-rimmed suckers cover the boneless arm, pulsing and clicking like disembodied teeth. The rubbery length scuttles across your leg, then tightens convulsively. Horn-rimmed suckers saw at your limb, nearly severing it. Blood sprays everywhere. The length constricts, and you are pulled, bumping and sliding through the house, as if being reeled in. You manage one last scream ... as the tentacles search through the house for more victims._

## Right Now

Your explorer is dead. Remove it from the game.

Set aside a number of pairs of Root and Tip tokens (orange) equal to the number of players. Each pair of these tokens represents a tentacle.

You can put a Root in any of the following rooms: Furnace Room, Conservatory, Organ Room, Underground Lake, Gardens, and Chasm. If the number of these rooms currently in play is fewer than the number of players, go through the room stack until you have drawn enough of these rooms to add up to the number of players, and connect the new rooms on appropriate floors. You cannot save any tentacles for later.

For each Root, put a Tip in the same room.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're looking for the head of the tentacled beast to kill it. You must stop them.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1.

## Tentacle Tips

The tentacles get stronger the longer the creature lives.

Turn 0: Speed 2, Might 3, Sanity 6
Turn 1–2: Speed 2, Might 4, Sanity 7
Turn 3–4: Speed 3, Might 5, Sanity 7
Turn 5–7: Speed 3, Might 7, Sanity 7
Turn 8+: Speed 4, Might 8, Sanity 8

Roots don't move and can't attack or be attacked, but Tips can.

If a Tip enters the Mystic Elevator, the elevator ceases functioning for everyone until the Tip leaves.

Roots don't slow hero movement as described on page 12 of the rules. Only Tips do.

If a creeper's Tip defeats a hero, the hero takes no damage. That character is grabbed and drops all items in that room.

- A grabbed hero may not be attacked by any other Tips, but may be attacked by you.

- When a Tip starts a turn grabbing a character, it moves one space that turn toward the room with the matching Root instead of taking its normal movement. A Tip can take any path back to the Root. Tips carrying explorers cannot attack.

- If a character grabbed by a Tip starts a turn in the room with its matching Root, that character is eaten and killed. Remove that tentacle (Root and Tip) from the game.

## Special Attack Rules

If a Tip defeats a hero with a Might attack, it doesn't inflict damage. Instead, it grabs that hero.

If a Tip is defeated by any attack, put it back in the same room as the Root, and flip it to its stunned side.

The Bell has no effect on grabbed heroes. The Spirit Board has no effect on Tips.

## If You Win ...

_That which squats at the center of the house sups, sucking the marrow from the bones of its victims. An obscene, mind-numbing entity, something that SHOULD NOT BE, quivers joyfully. Already stronger, it sends its tentacle farther than ever before ... its questing tentacle probes out the front door._