# 24 -- Fly Away Home

_A shushing, sandpapery sound grows louder and louder outside the windows of the house. Looking out, you see countless glowing red eyes staring at you. You begin to laugh and cry. You can feel your face warm as tears of blood begin to fall from your eyes. Yes, this is what your life has been for ... to let in your masters and give them your blood._
_You open the windows wide, giving your blood freely to your nocturnal masters._

## Right Now

Your character is dead. Remove the figure from the game.

Set aside 24 Bat tokens (orange). Put three of them in the Tower or Attic. If neither room has been discovered, the haunt begins with fewer Bats.

Put three Bats in the Chasm or Catacombs. The same conditions apply.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to find a way to drive off the Bats.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## The Heroes Must Do This ...

... on their turn. At the beginning of a hero's turn, that explorer takes 1 point of physical damage for each Bat on that explorer's character card.

## Bats

#### Bats: Speed 5, Might 2, Sanity 1

Throughout the haunt, more Bats enter the house.

- During the monster turn, roll a number of dice equal to the number of players. Set aside that many Bat tokens.

- You can put these tokens in the Tower, the Chasm, the Conservatory, the Entrance Hall, the Gardens, the Graveyard, the Patio, the Tower, the Balcony, and any room with an outward-facing window. If a room is set up so that the window is "false" and faces another wall, it can still be used by bats. Only one Bat can enter through each of these locations, unless there are more Bats than locations. In that case, you choose which locations each extra Bat enters through.

Bats can continue to move after entering the house. Entering counts as moving one space.

If you run out of Bat tokens, no more Bats can enter the house until some other Bats die. This means there can never be more than 24 Bats in the house at one time.

## Special Attack Rules

Bats don't attack normally. Instead, roll 1 die for each Bat attacking an explorer. On a roll of 2, that Bat latches onto the victim. Put the Bat token on that explorer's character card.

Unattached Bats don't affect explorer movement. For each Bat that is attached to an explorer, that character moves one fewer space that turn. (An explorer can always move a minimum of one space.)

## If You Win ...

_Slowly, the shushing of bat wings fades as dawn lightens the sky and the vampire bats roost in the house. Below them lie the dried out husks of food vessels that once ran foolishly about the house. Already the vessels are turning to dust, joining the many others who gave their blood to the bat lords of the manor._
