# 25 -- Voodoo

_Time for all masks to come off. You've prepared for this night. You've collected the essence of each of your newest friends, oh, so secretly. You've sewn the likenesses, oh, so meticulously. You've placed each likeness in the house earlier, oh, so perfectly._
_And now, your friends are all here! All your friends, and all their dolls. A thrill of exhilaration threatens to send you into a peal of laughter from which you won't be able to stop. First things first. There's voodoo to do._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of time.

Look at the list of voodoo dolls. Select a doll for each hero. Then, on a piece of paper, write down which doll corresponds to which explorer and which of the two listed rooms the doll is in.

If one of the rooms has been discovered and the other hasn't, you must choose the discovered room. If both listed rooms or neither room has been discovered yet, you may choose either room. Don't tell the players where the dolls are located.

After you have chosen a doll for each hero, read each hero the quote for his or her Voodoo Doll Description aloud.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to find the dolls and destroy them.

## You Win When ...

... more than half of the heroes who began the haunt are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1. Any doll that hasn't been destroyed affects its explorer at that time. Read the quote for each Voodoo Doll Effect aloud as it occurs.
Voodoo Doll Descriptions

A Wax Doll is melting in the Furnace Room or in the ovens of the Kitchen. "You're burning up!"
A China Doll is balanced precariously in the winds on the Balcony or the Tower. "The ground, far below, is waiting."
A Stone Doll is sinking into the mud beside the Underground Lake or in the Graveyard. "Muck in your mouth. You're choking."
A Glass Doll is resting between the unholy flickering candles of the Pentagram Chamber or in the Chapel. "Evil, evil everywhere. Unholy evil."
A Rag Doll is entwined in the thorns of a rose bush in the Gardens or the Conservatory. "Stabbing punctures. Dirt and blood."

## Voodoo Doll Effects

Wax Doll Effect: The hero chooses whether to lose 1 point of Might or Speed. "Fire burns good and evil."
China Doll Effect: Roll 4 dice; if the result is less than the Turn number, the doll falls and shatters, killing the hero. "A strong wind pushes you."
Stone Doll Effect: The hero is slowly suffocating and must attempt a Might roll; if the result is less than the Turn number, the hero loses 1 point in each trait. "You are sinking into grime. So dark. So dirty."
Glass Doll Effect: The hero chooses whether to lose 1 point of Sanity or Knowledge. "Unholy presence, where once there was goodness."
Rag Doll Effect: The hero must attempt a Knowledge roll; if the result is less than the turn number, the hero takes 2 points of physical damage. "Blood red, rose death."

## If You Win ...

_You pick up your big red marker and uncap it. Opening your photo journal, you flip past all the earlier dolls to the last few pages._
_Scritch, scritch, scritch. You draw a bright red slash through each of the pictures you taped into the book before your arrival at the manor. The feeling of accomplishment you feel sets you to grinning. But it never lasts. Time to find new friends._