# 26 -- Pay the Piper

_You hear the skitter, skritch, scratch all the time, now. Your friends don't seem to notice. But you do._
_Rats in the walls._
_At first, you ignored the rats, but then you began hearing their whispery voices in your head. They whisper words that promise friendship, trust, even devotion. All for you. Why? Because you are their friend, their kin. You are a wererat with special powers and responsibilities. The skitter, skritch, scratch of your rat cousins spells out what you must do._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor. If any of your traits are below their starting levels, restore them to their starting levels now. Then add a point to each trait.

Set aside a number of Rat tokens (orange) equal to twice the number of players. Put one in each unoccupied room with an event , item , or omen symbol. If there are more Rats than there are eligible rooms, you can double them up as you choose. If there are fewer Rats than rooms, you decide which rooms to put them in.

Set aside 5 Sanity Roll tokens (triangular).

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to kill all the Rats in the house, which would prevent you from completing your ritual.

## You Win When ...

... you either kill all of the heroes or complete your wicked rat-thing ritual.

## Special Attack Rules

#### Rats: Speed 3, Might 2, Sanity 1

If a Rat is defeated, it's killed instead of being stunned.

A group of Rats in the same room can make an attack together. When they do this, they add their Might scores together for one large attack against a single target (maximum of 8 dice). A group of Rats that attacks this way unsuccessfully doesn't take damage.

While in the Pentagram Chamber, you can't be affected by other explorers in any way. Neither the Rats nor the heroes can enter the Pentagram Chamber.

## How to Complete the Ritual

Move to the Pentagram Chamber. Once there, you'll be safe as you work on the ritual.

You can attempt a Sanity roll of 3+ to perform the ritual. If you succeed, put a Sanity Roll token on your character card and put a Rat token (if any are available) in a room adjacent to the Pentagram Chamber. (That room doesn't need to have a connecting door.) The number of Sanity rolls needed to complete the ritual is based on the number of players:

3 or 4 players: 5 rolls needed
5 or 6 players: 4 rolls needed

## If You Win ...

_Your lovely, lovely children lap up the spilled blood and tussle over the larger chunks, hissing at each other. Children will be children, after all. And children need to eat._
