# 27 -- Amok Flesh

_You hear the tinkling impact of breaking crystal._
_So. Your cloned tissue is free from its containment. Even now, you can hear the sound of its expansion. You wish for the thousandth time you hadn't used such unstable protoplasm in your experiments. But you did. You sigh._
_Time to round up all your friends. You'd hate for any of them to hurt themselves running from your misplaced, growing, all-consuming flesh._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Set aside at least 20 Blob tokens (dark green). You'll use them to represent a single, growing, enormous Blob that is taking over the house. (The Blob tokens are on the reverse side of the Spore tokens.)

The player with the Crystal Ball card discards it.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to destroy your precious Blob by finding objects that will hurt it and tossing them into the blob. You can try to kill them or try to steal these objects.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are either dead or turned into blobpeople.

## The Blob

On the first monster turn, the Blob engulfs the room where the Crystal Ball was and each adjacent room with a connecting door. Put Blob tokens in those rooms.

Each monster turn thereafter, the Blob expands into each adjacent room through a connecting door. Put Blob tokens in those rooms. The expanding Blob uses all movement options, including doors, stairs, Coal Chute, Collapsed Room, Secret Stairs, Secret Passage, etc. It takes the Blob a move to expand up to or down from the Coal Chute, Gallery, and Collapsed Room.

After expanding the Blob into all adjacent rooms, roll a die. If you roll a 2, expand the Blob again and roll a die again. Keep expanding the Blob until you don't roll a 2.

Blob tokens don't count as individual monsters, so they don't attack and can't be affected by things that affect monsters. If you run out of Blob tokens, recycle tokens from rooms that Explorers can't reach.

Anyone in a room with a Blob token (including your character) immediately becomes a Blobperson and discards all items and omens. Put a Blob token on that explorer's character card to show that character is a Blobperson.

The player who controlled that explorer then controls that Blobperson. That player's new goal is to help you win.

The Blob isn't affected by the Bell or Spirit Board.

## Blobpersons

#### Blobperson: Speed 2

A Blobperson can't attack, be attacked, draw cards, use the Mystic Elevator, or discover rooms. It moves during its player's turn and can move freely through rooms with Blob tokens.

At the beginning of the monster turn, put a Blob token in any room a Blobperson occupies. The Blob doesn't expand from that room until it's connected to the greater Blob.

## If You Win ...

_Your cloned tissue fills most of the house now. Your friends, the vermin in the walls, the moths fluttering around the light fixtures -- they're all fused, flesh and soul, with the blob. Only one thing left to do now._
_You fall back, arms spread wide, into the waiting embrace of bubbling flesh..._
