# 28 -- Ring of King Solomon

_When you found pentagrams under the floor in your bedroom as a child, you also found the source of the nightly, blood-soaked dreams of pain, screams, and sickly-sweet terror. Then the voices told you how to prepare for the Arrival._
_At first, you promised to make preparation only if the dreams would stop. Later, when you were awake and alone, night after night with only the drab comfort of your own pale imagination for company, you promised to finish the preparations only if the dreams returned._
_Now the Arrival is at hand. You're done with dreaming._
_Hell has come._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Choose which room has the portal from Hell. It must be an unoccupied room with an event symbol at least four rooms away from the closest explorer. If there isn't an event symbol more than four rooms away, choose one as far away as possible.

Put the Demon Lord and a number of Demons equal to the number of heroes (in order, starting with Demon 1) in the chosen room.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to kill the Demons somehow.

## Demons Must Do This ...

... on their turn. Demons hate all living creatures. A Demon must always move full speed toward the closest hero it can attack, using the best route possible. It makes an attack during its turn, if it can. If there is a choice of heroes the same distance away, you decide which one it moves toward and attacks.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## Special Attack Rules

Demon 1: Speed 2, Might 5, Sanity 5
Demon 2: Speed 3, Might 4, Sanity 4
Demon 3: Speed 4, Might 3, Sanity 3
Demon 4: Speed 5, Might 2, Sanity 2
Demon 5: Speed 6, Might 1, Sanity 1
Demon Lord: Speed 1, Might 7, Sanity 7

If a Demon defeats the explorer with the Ring, it can steal the Ring instead of doing damage if it wins by 2 or more, but it can't use it. Once a Demon has the Ring, it can't trade it to another Demon or drop it, but an explorer who defeats that Demon can take the Ring back.

The Revolver and other Speed attacks can't be used against the Demon Lord.

## If You Win ...

_The Hellgate is open. You scrub the blood from your eyes with the heel of your palm. The sickly-sweet tang in the air is just like your dream. The tangled bodies of your fellow explorers form a throne of flesh for the Demon Lord. The screaming has only just begun._
_Just as you've always dreamed._
