# 29 -- Frankenstein's Legacy

_You flip through the book, reading random passages:_
_"... to examine the causes of life, we must first have recourse to death. A churchyard is merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of life, now food for the worm. I alone have discovered this astonishing secret: that which was once dead may be reanimated!"_
_And then:_
_"The bones are collected from the charnel- house. The skin is harvested from men no more than three days dead. The parts, great and small, are stitched into the semblance of a human frame. It awaits only the proper voltage to walk, once more, ALIVE!"_
_You realize, with a growing sense of excitement, that you have stumbled upon a lab notebook detailing the reanimation of dead tissue. And you can finish this experiment. You must._
_In the name of science._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Frankenstein's Monster token (large) in either the Research Laboratory or the Operating Laboratory. If neither room is in the house, search the room stack for it and put it on the upper level with the Frankenstein's Monster token on it. Then shuffle that stack.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They think your monster is an abomination and will try to kill it. They also know that the monster is vulnerable to fire.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## Frankenstein's Monster

#### Frankenstein's Monster: Speed 3, Might 8

Frankenstein's Monster must always move at full speed toward the closest hero. If more than one hero is the same distance away, you decide which one it moves toward. It makes an attack during its turn, if it can.

## Special Attack Rules

When making an attack roll, Frankenstein's Monster adds 2 to its result. There is no addition to the roll when the monster is defending.

Frankenstein's Monster is immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver and Dynamite).

If you can inflict more than 2 points of damage with a Might attack, you can steal a torch from your opponent instead of inflicting that damage. If you succeed, you then destroy the torch -- the hero will need to go back and get another one.

## If You Win ...

_As you harvest the skin from your former friends, you're careful not to tear too much, cutting in straight lines. You reflect on your good fortune. By reanimating the body you found in the lab (and benefiting from its subsequent actions) you find yourself with a surplus of skin, organs, teeth, and bone. With what you have now, you can recreate the experiment described in the book from scratch. Isn't science wonderful?_
