# 3 -- Frog-Leg Stew

_From the shadows, a voice entices you. "You'll help me, won't you, my plump little goose? Nasty people all over my house, and they've stolen my darling book, too! Help me punish them, my sweetling! There's a good little poppet!"_

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.
Set aside a Cat token (orange).
Set aside four Frog tokens (orange).
Put the Witch token (large) in the Entrance Hall.
Put one Root token (orange) in the Conservatory, one in the Larder, and one in the Kitchen, either now or when the rooms are discovered. Don't announce which undiscovered rooms will get Root tokens. You can't pick up Root tokens.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They have the Witch's spellbook (the Book card). You should get it from them, especially since the heroes might use it to overcome the Witch's invulnerability.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are either dead or turned into Frogs.

## The Witch's Spells

The witch can cast one of these spells each turn. If you manage to take the book from the heroes, you may also cast either of the first two spells each turn.

- Skin of Frog: The Witch can cast this spell on any hero in the same room. The Witch and that hero make Sanity rolls. If the Witch gets a higher result than the hero, that hero turns into a Frog and drops all items. The
hero's Might and Knowledge are lowered to their lowest numbers. A Frog can't attack, draw cards, or explore new rooms. An explorer can pick up and carry a Frog like an item. Neither you nor the witch may attack a frog; she wants her pet to have a nice snack.

- Breath of Dragon: The Witch can cast this spell on any character within her line of sight (an uninterrupted straight line of doors) or in the same room. It inflicts two dice of non-resistable physical damage.

- Wings of Raven: The Witch can cast this spell to move herself to any room in the house. (Choose a room and put her there.) She can cast this spell on you instead, if she's in the same room.

## You Must Do This During Your Turn

When the first explorer is turned into a Frog, put the Cat token in the room where the haunt was revealed. It moves on the next monster turn toward the nearest Frog.
If the Cat is in the same room with a Frog and defeats it with a Might attack, it eats it. It ignores Frogs that are being carried.

## Special Attack Rules

#### The Cat: Speed 3, Might 3, Sanity 2
#### The Witch: Speed 4, Might 3, Sanity 6

The Witch is currently invulnerable: she can't be attacked. She can't attack normally, either, but she can cast one spell each turn. She will not pick up any items.

## If You Win ...

_"One little froggy, two little froggies ... .Go on my poppet, feed your bad froggy friends to the nice kitty-witty. There's my precious gosling!"_