# 30 -- Tomb of Dracula

_The girl seems helpless and alone. She comes toward you hesitantly. You reach out your hand to reassure her, but when she takes it, you shudder. No living hand could be as pale, as cold as hers. Then she opens her mouth, and you see the fangs._
_A short while later you awaken. You feel terrific -- better than terrific. But so very, very thirsty._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Your character is now a Vampire. Add 1 to each of your traits.

Put the Dracula token (large) in the Crypt or the Graveyard. If neither room is in the house, put it in an unoccupied room at least four rooms from the closest explorer. If there isn't one that far away, place it as far away as possible. Discard the Girl card and put the Bride token (crimson) in your room.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll need it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

The sun is coming up soon. You need to kill the explorers quickly, because the Vampires will weaken as the sun moves higher. When this happens, the heroes will tell you how the sunlight affects the Vampires. Avoid rooms where sunlight can enter.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead or turned into Vampires.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the start of your turn, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1.

## Vampires

Dracula needs time to awaken. He doesn't move or attack normally until Turn 2 (he can still defend against attacks.) Each time any Vampire tries to enter the Chapel or any room with an explorer who has the Holy Symbol, it must attempt a Sanity roll of 6+ to enter that room. A Vampire who fails that roll can't enter that room.

## Special Attack Rules

#### Dracula: Speed 5, Might 8, Sanity 6

#### The Bride: Speed 4, Might 4, Sanity 4

Domination: When any Vampire attacks someone of the opposite sex, it can attempt a Sanity attack. If it defeats that character, that character takes Speed damage instead of mental damage. If the character defeats the Vampire, the Vampire takes no damage. This special attack can be used from an adjacent room with a connecting door. If a domination attack succeeds, you can also move the defeated hero into the Vampire's room.

Once an explorer's Speed has dropped to the skull symbol due to Domination, that character becomes a Vampire and is no longer a hero. (Have the player read this haunt in the Traitor's Tome.) Raise that character's Speed to its starting number. The newly created Vampire then adds 1 to each trait and is controlled by its player. It acts on its player's turns. If the traitor wins and a Vampire has killed a hero, the player controlling that Vampire also wins.

Vampires can also attack and kill heroes normally -- this does not cause them to rise again as vampires.

## If You Win ...

_More succulent than any fruit, the elixir of life throbs through your body like the dying heartbeat of your protesting meal. But as always, the well runs dry._
_Dracula will know where to find more._
