# 32 -- Lost

_The crystal ball flashes, and a thundering chord bursts out of the pipe organ. The house shakes, shifts, and changes. The air thickens into a cloying, green, poisonous mist. Outside, the sky is mauve, the trees are pulsing tubular nightmares, and the pedestrians have rather more teeth than they should._
_Sighing in relief, you slip the mask from your face, revealing your true features. You're home!_
_All that's left is to collect the specimens. If you can keep them from fleeing back to their own dimension, the atmosphere itself should kill and pickle them nicely._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Set aside all the room tiles that have been played in the house so far, except for the starting tiles and any occupied rooms. Remove any Secret Passage, Secret Stairs, or Wall Switch tokens that lead to rooms that have been set aside.

If the Organ Room isn't in the house, take it from the room stack and put it into the house attached to a starting tile of your choice. Then shuffle that stack.

Shuffle together all the tiles you set aside and all the undrawn rooms from the room stack and discard stack. The occupied room tiles are still in the house. Move them next to the starting tiles of the appropriate floors.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to find a way to return the house to their dimension. They are also taking damage every turn from the poisonous atmosphere of your home planet.

## How to Stop the Heroes

The heroes are trying to find a way to reactivate your interdimensional transporter in the Organ Room to take them home. This will never do. You could just try to kill them, but there is also a way to alter the controls to make them human-proof. You may attempt to make a Knowledge roll of 4+ in the Chapel, the Game Room, either Laboratory, and the Pentagram Chamber. When you succeed in making one of these rolls, put a Knowledge Roll token (triangular) in that room. You may only put one of these tokens in each of these rooms. Tell the heroes that each Knowledge Roll token you have placed represents -3 on their roll to activate the transporter.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## If You Win ...

You trundle your specimens down to the laboratory. You know just which bell jars you'll use for storage. Oh! You may have to saw a few of the specimens down to size before you stuff them into their jars. But that's OK. They're already dead.