# 33 -- An Invocation From Darkness

_It's all right here: the ritual that will bring about the hideous reign of a dark god who will rule the planet for a thousand years! At first you are repulsed, but the more you read, the more you are unable to resist the book's spell. You must go to the appropriate location and open the gate that will summon the elder god._

## Right Now

• Your explorer is still in the game but has turned traitor.

• Set aside the large circular Demon Lord token to represent the Elder God.

• Set aside 5 triangular Knowledge Roll tokens.

• If any of your traits are below their starting values, restore them to their starting values. Then, for each trait, roll 2 dice and increase that trait by the result.

• You take an extra turn immediately after the haunt is revealed. Play then proceeds clockwise from the player to your left as normal.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They are trying to destroy the Book, to stop the summoning or banish the Elder God.

## You Win When...

...all the heroes are dead.

## How to Summon the Elder God

• Carry the book to either the Chapel or the Pentagram Chamber.

• After taking the Book to one of those rooms, you must make Knowledge rolls of 5+. Each roll uses 1 space of movement.

• You can still attempt the Knowledge rolls even if the Book has been stolen from you (fortunately, you have a good memory). You still have to be in the Chapel or the Pentagram Chamber.

• Whenever a roll succeeds, take a Knowledge Roll token. When you have accumulated 5 tokens, an extradimensional portal opens in your room and the hideous Elder God comes through. The bad news is, the Elder God kills you immediately. Remove your explorer's figure from the board. Drop all items you were carrying, which remain in that room. The good news is, on your next turn you control the Elder God and can start hunting down your hapless former friends.

#### Elder God: Speed X, Might 12, Sanity 7

The Elder God's Speed is equal to the number of players when the haunt was revealed.

## If You Win...

_Nothing can't stop you! Ia, ia! Let the age of humanity come to an end!_