# 35 -- Small Change

_Now that your experimental subjects are all safely in the house with your cats, it's time for the real fun to begin! Dropping the beaker of Shrinkital, you watch as the silver liquid turns to gas. Miraculously, it shrinks you and your subjects down to the size of mice. Already you hear your cats padding towards the frightened subjects. It looks as if you and your cats will really enjoy this little experiment, one you like to call "The Digestive Response of Domestic Felines to the Introduction of Homo Sapiens Minutus."_

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

If there are three or four players, put one Cat token (orange) in the Entrance Hall. If there are five or six players, put one Cat token in the Entrance Hall and one in the room where the haunt was revealed.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to escape the house in a Toy Airplane.

## You Win When ...

... more than half of the heroes who began the haunt are killed by Cats.

## Being Small

You have shrunk. This means:

- All items and omens have shrunk with you and function normally.

- You can't draw any cards. Entering a new room with an event, item, or omen symbol ends your turn.

- Each doorway counts as a space, so moving through a doorway to the next room counts as 2 spaces. You can stop in a doorway space.

- You must make a Might roll of 3+ to go up or down any Stairs. If you fail, you end your turn but may try again next turn.

- You can't use the Collapsed Room or the Mystic Elevator. You are not affected by the text on the Gallery, Gymnasium, or the Vault.

## Cats

#### Cats: Speed 6, Might 7, Sanity 5, Know. 5

Cats count each doorway as a space the same as explorers do. A Cat can only catch one hero at a time.

## Special Attack Rules

You can't attack explorers. You want your Cats to eat them instead.

When a Cat makes a successful attack against an explorer, that monster plays "cat- and-mouse" with that explorer for a turn instead of inflicting damage. On that hero's turn, the explorer has an opportunity to escape (the heroes will tell you how). If anyone defeats the Cat before the Cat's next turn, the Cat drops the captured explorer. Otherwise, the explorer is swallowed and killed at the start of the next monster turn. Captured heroes are not affected by the Bell.

A Cat in the same room as the Toy Airplane can attempt a Speed roll of 7+ to bat it down. A traitor can attempt to do the same thing, needing a Speed roll of 5+. A Cat can then immediately attack a hero in the plane (and the heroes can attempt to restart the plane on their turns).

## If You Win ...

It will take months to analyze all of the data, but one thing is clear -- your cats consider this experiment a great success!