# 36 -- Better with Friends

_Many years ago you drowned in the underground swamp beneath this house. Since that time, you have existed as a ghost, alone and lost in your watery grave. Then you found the medallion. Its power gave you the chance to return to mortal form and find others who might share your twilight existence with you._
_You have carefully selected and brought your new friends to the house. Now it is time for them to join you in death. Already you hear the water filling the basement. You must not let them escape._
_Death is better with friends._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Rowboat token (pentagonal) in the Attic. If the Attic isn't in play, put the Rowboat token there when the Attic is discovered.

Set aside 4 Might Roll tokens (triangular).

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

The house and surrounding area are sinking into an underground swamp. The heroes will try to escape.

## You Win When ...

... either more than half of the heroes who started the scenario are dead, or the Rowboat is disabled.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

Advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number at the end of your turn, beginning with 1.

## Flooding

Depending on the turn, the house will be flooded to different levels. When you advance the Turn/Damage Track to a new number, tell the other players which levels of the house are flooded and whether the flooding is partial or full.

Turn 1: Basement partially flooded
Turn 2: Basement fully flooded
Turn 3: Basement fully flooded and ground floor partially flooded
Turn 4: Basement and ground floor fully flooded
Turn 5: Basement and ground floor fully flooded, upper level partially flooded
Turn 6: Whole house fully flooded for remainder of game.

Flooding affects all heroes but does not affect you. The effects of flooding are defined in the Secrets of Survival haunt book.

## Special Attack Rules

You can attack the Rowboat once during your turn, but only with a Might attack. You can attempt a Might roll of 3+ to damage the Rowboat. Each time you damage the Rowboat, put a Might Roll token on your character's card. The fifth successful Might attack destroys the rowboat; remove it from the house when that happens.

## If You Win ...

_Your friends' lifeless bodies float beside your own, bumping gently into each other in the murky water. After a while, they open their eyes, and you lead them down into the cold, dark water. You lead them home._