# 37 -- Checkmate

_You know what those fools are reading in Uncle Ebenezer's journal: "I, Ebenezer Slocum, have found the means to force Death itself to appear before me. I have prepared to challenge Death, and I will defeat it! I have studied and enhanced my mind to its keenest. Oh, Death will not be proud this night!"_
_Well, that old geezer's bones are still sitting by the chess set. You doubt these fools can do any better. Beat Death?! Indeed!_
_Just in case, you'll do what you can to make sure none of them win this game. After all, you can't stand the thought of anyone being smarter than you, and there's no way you could beat Death at chess!_

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Death token (light green) in a room with a hero of your choice.

Put the five Holy Seal tokens (pentagonal) in the following rooms, either now or when they are discovered: the Vault, the Crypt, the Research Laboratory, the Operating Laboratory, and the Game Room. Tell the heroes that there are five Holy Seals, but don't tell them which undiscovered rooms have them.

## What You Know About the Heroes

One of them will try to beat Death in a game of chess. They'll use the Holy Seals to help. If they beat Death even once, you will lose.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead. You also win if there is no explorer in the room with Death at the beginning of the monster's turn. (If no one is there, the heroes forfeit their game of chess.)

## Death Must Do This On Its Turn

During its turn, Death plays against the explorer in the room with the highest Knowledge. Both attempt Knowledge rolls. Death has a Knowledge of 8, and it cheats. After its first roll, it rerolls any blank dice. (For example, if Death rolls 8 dice, and 2 of them have no successes, those two dice are "blank dice." Those two blank dice are then rerolled, but only once.)

Death and its opponent then compare results. If the result is a tie, nothing happens. If Death rolls a higher result, it captures a piece:

- If Death wins by 1 or 2, it takes a pawn and each hero loses 1 Sanity.

- If Death wins by 3 or 4, it takes a significant piece and each hero loses 1 Might.

- If Death wins by 5 or more, it grimly intones the word "check." Each hero loses 1 Sanity and 1 Might.

## Special Attack Rules

Death can't attack or be affected in any way other than by being beaten at chess.

You can't enter the room with Death or affect a hero there in any way, such as by using the Bell, the Revolver, or the Dynamite. (Your master doesn't like distractions from his game.) You can't pick up Holy Seals, but you can steal them from the heroes.

## If You Win ...

_Ha! The fools. You knew they couldn't beat Death at his own game. So what if you helped Death out a bit. The important thing is they're dead and gone, and you're still here._
_Checkmate._