# 38 -- Hellbeasts

_Firebats are picky creatures. They only come out at night, and they can't breed without drinking human blood. Still, they're cute, and they're your pets. You've brought them the humans they need. Now all you have to do is make sure they can get to the blood._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Get out a number of firebats (represented by orange Bat tokens) equal to half the number of players, rounded up. Put them in the room where the haunt was revealed.

## What You Know About the Heroes

Their bodies contain the blood your Bats need in order to breed. The heroes will try to find a way to stop you.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

When you roll to see how many spaces the Bats move on the monster turn, you also put that many Bat tokens in the room where the haunt was revealed. Bats cannot move on the turn they appear.

Bat tokens don't affect explorer movement.

## Special Attack Rules

#### Firebats: Speed 3

The Bats can't attack or be attacked.

After you have moved your monsters, roll 1 die for each Bat token in the same room as one or more heroes. All heroes present take that much physical damage. (The Armor card can only prevent 1 point of that damage.)

## If You Win ...

_Your little batlings sup greedily on the humans scattered about the mansion. In no time, more firebats will grace the manor with their burning presence. The cycle of life ... what could be more beautiful?_
