# 39 -- The Heir

_They have come at last, as you knew they would ... the only possible heirs to the ancient Romanescu fortune and power. Your family currently controls the fortune, but if the true heir sits on the throne in this house while holding the Romanescu ring and spear, the Romanescu heir will take it from you. That must not happen. Tonight your hidden assassins will kill the heir and keep your family in power._
_The heir must die._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

If the Statuary Corridor is not yet in play, search through the room stack until you find it and place it in an inaccessible part of the house. Then reshuffle that stack. Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll need it to keep track of time.

You have a number of Assassins hidden in the house equal to the number of players. Secretly write down the rooms they're hiding in with the following restrictions:

• Each Assassin must be hidden in a room currently in play.

• You can't put more than one Assassin in a room.

• You can't put an Assassin in an occupied room or the Statuary Corridor.

## What You Know About the Heroes

One of them is the heir, but you don't know which one.

## You Win When ...

... the heir is dead.

## Using Your Assassins

When a hero moves into a room with an Assassin, you can choose to reveal the Assassin. If you do, make an attack immediately with the Assassin against the hero (even if it isn't your turn to move monsters). All of the Assassins' attacks are sneak attacks. Each Assassin only has a Might of 2, but when an Assassin makes an attack, his opponent doesn't get to defend against it.

After attacking once, the Assassin takes poison and is killed. Mark off the Assassin on your sheet of paper.

Whenever a hero dies, you may ask whether he or she was the heir. The heroes must answer truthfully.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of your turn, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number, beginning with 1.

At the end of Turn 3, new Assassins equal to the original number of players enter the house. Secretly write down their names and where they're hiding. You can put them in any unoccupied room that doesn't have an Assassin.

At the end of Turn 6, place more Assassins just like you did on Turn 3.

## If You Win ...

_The heir is dead. Your family's stolen wealth is safe. Walking past the crumpled body, you drop a paper crown beside it. As the crown reddens with the heir's blood, you quietly shut the door._