# 4 -- The Web of Destiny

_Your mind shivers as you feel a dark presence crawl inside it, making itself at home in your skull. You are yourself, yet you are also IT -- the spider. Already a plump mortal morsel wriggles within the strands of your new web. You feel your spider-self inject eggs into the belly of the screaming prey. Soon its struggles will stop and your babies will spill from its twitching corpse. You can almost taste your human prey. It struggles, sending shivers across the strands and up across your spider-belly. But your instincts tell you that others will try to stop the birth of your babies ... unless you stop them first._

## Right Now

If there are five or six players, your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.
If there are three or four players, your explorer has been eaten by the Spider. Drop all of your items and remove your figure from the game.
Put a Spider token (large) in the same room as the explorer who has the Bite card.
Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip on Turn 1. You'll use it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

The haunt revealer (the explorer who revealed this haunt) is caught in a sticky web and infested with giant spider eggs. That explorer can't move.

## You Win When ...

... either the Spider's eggs hatch on Turn 9 or all the heroes are dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of each of your turns, advance the Turn/Damage Track to the next number.

## The Spider Must Do This ...
... during Its turn. The Spider must move toward an explorer who isn't the haunt revealer and (if possible) attack. Neither the Spider nor the traitor can attack the haunt revealer unless the eggs have been destroyed.

## Special Attack Rules

Each time the Spider makes an attack, you can reroll each blank die once. (For example, if the Spider rolls four dice and two of them have no successes, those dice are "blank dice." Those two dice can be rerolled.)

## If You Win ...

_... your spawn feasts on the tasty, tasty humans._

## The Spider

Turn 1: Speed 0, Might 2, Sanity 5
Turn 2: Speed 1, Might 2, Sanity 5
Turn 3: Speed 2, Might 4, Sanity 5
Turn 4: Speed 4, Might 4, Sanity 5
Turn 5: Speed 5, Might 5, Sanity 5
Turn 6: Speed 6, Might 6, Sanity 5
Turn 7+: Speed 6, Might 8, Sanity 5
