# 40 -- Buried Alive

_The spirit board slides back and forth, back and forth across the letters, moving without anyone's aid. Everyone stares in horrified fascination as it spells out:_
_B U R I E D A L I V E._
_Stupid board. Its little activity just broke the spell you used to keep your companions from realizing they're missing one of their own -- the victim you buried alive just before entering the house._
_If you don't do something, your fellow explorers might find your victim. That would never do! It's all well and good to torture someone, but if your victim doesn't die, it's like ... well, it's like a nice dinner without dessert. And you love dessert._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll use it to keep track of time.

Choose an already-discovered basement room in the house. Secretly write down your choice. The person you buried is in that room. If there are fewer than five rooms, including the landing, currently in the basement, you may draw and place basement rooms until there are five before you write down which one is the burial room.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to rescue the buried person.

## You Win When ...

... the buried person is dead.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

Keep track of how much damage the buried person takes each turn. The buried person can take 12 points of damage before dying.

At the end of your turn, advance the Turn/DamageTrack to the next number, beginning with 1. Then roll a number of dice equal to that number. The buried person takes that much physical damage.

## The Spirit Board

The Spirit Board card will help the heroes. The explorer currently holding it can't give it away or drop it.

If you inflict at least 2 points of damage with a Might attack, you can steal the Spirit Board instead of inflicting damage. If you steal the Spirit Board from one of the heroes, it's immediately destroyed, and the card is discarded.

## If You Win ...

_Ahhhh, yes. Your frantic companions were just too late. Somehow this whole exercise has made you a little peckish. Time for a late dinner... with dessert._