# 41 -- Invisible Traitor

_Searching through this dusty old place, you notice a word carved into the back of the ring you're wearing. As you say the word aloud, a terrible pain spikes through your left eye and into your skull. Pain fills you, agony so terrible you claw at your own skin to stop it._
_Then the pain is suddenly gone, and with it your conscience. You also seem to be missing your body. No, wait, you're invisible ... an invisible hunter, ready to kill._
_Yes, that's it, kill. Something always stopped you before, but now you are free to do as you wish. You feel just like a kid at Christmas. Time to open your friends ... er, gifts._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Get a piece of paper. Choose any room currently in the house. Write down the name of that room -- it's where you are now. Then remove your figure from the house.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to find and kill you.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## How to Move

Instead of moving your figure around the room tiles, write down the room where you end your movement. (Use your Speed and normal movement rules to figure this out.) If you need to exit a room with an explorer in it, you don't need to count that room as an extra space (as monsters do).

You can still discover new rooms, but the heroes will obviously know where you are when you place new room tiles in the house.

## Stealing Items

Once during your turn, you can attempt a Speed roll to steal an item from an explorer if you end your movement in the same room. (This isn't a Speed attack, and your opponent can't defend against it.) The results are:

4+: You take the item.

1-3: You fail, but you don't need to tell the players which character you were trying to steal from.

0: You fail, and you must tell the players who you were trying to steal from.

## Special Attack Rules

The Ring no longer allows you to make Sanity attacks.

Unless you are attacking with an item, all of your attacks are sneak attacks. Instead of attacking normally, roll a number of dice equal to half the original number of heroes, rounded up. The hero you attack takes that much physical damage. Your opponent can't defend against this.

If a hero guesses (or knows) what room you're in and attacks you, that attack is handled normally.

You may attempt to both steal an item and attack on the same turn.

## If You Win ...

_Your friends lie scattered across the manor. You stare at your face, visible beneath a mask of blood. As you wipe the blood away, you fade once more from view. That was fun._
_Maybe you'll try arson next. You've always wondered what it would be like to watch someone burn._