# 42 -- Comes the Hero

_Immortality is something most people would pay anything for. That's why you're amazed that yours came so cheaply. All you need to do is open a little gateway to Hell, and your master will let you keep this gift forever._
_Even though you're immortal, time's a wasting. Best not to wait too long before opening the dread gate._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Raise any trait below its starting number to that number.

If you don't already have a weapon card (such as the Revolver, Axe, or Blood Dagger), search through the item stack and take the first one you come to. Then shuffle that stack.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to stop you from opening the gate to Hell.

## You Win When ...

... you open the gate to Hell.

## How to Open the Gate to Hell

Do the following, in order:

1. You must sacrifice (kill) one of the heroes using a weapon and bring the body to the Catacombs, Chasm, or Pentagram Chamber. You can pick up a body as you would pick up an item and then carry it. While carrying a body, each room you enter counts as two spaces. The Dog cannot carry a body.

2. Once the body is in one of those rooms, you can attempt a Sanity roll or Knowledge roll of 4+ to open the gate. You can attempt this roll once during your turn.

## Coping with Immortality

Your traits will not go up or down, even if you gain or lose items, unless the heroes manage to find some special way of lowering your traits.

Items cannot be stolen from you.

Explorers don't affect your movement through rooms.

## Special Attack Rules

You can't be attacked and don't take damage from card effects or room effects.

You can attack as normal, but you don't take damage if defeated.

## If You Win ...

_As the gate rips its way through the house and into your world, you can already hear the shrieks of the damned mingling sweetly with the cries of the yet-to-be damned. Damnation and terror, death and destruction ... and you're immune to it all. Enjoy._