# 44 -- Death Doth Find Us All

_How can the others not realize this house is alive? It is a living, potent creature. Like every living creature, it must eat to survive._
_Long ago, you struck a bargain with the Old House on the Hill. Every ten years, you bring a new group of people to the house. Once they arrive, the house sucks the life from them, aging your friends until they are dust. In return, you gain ten more years of youth and vigor._
_Already you see the lines appearing and the tremors in their limbs. It has begun._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

All of the heroes immediately age 10 years, including the explorer with the Medallion. Read the "Decade Entered" chart (listed below) and tell each explorer how to adjust his or her traits.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're aging fast, but they've found a Medallion that somehow thwarts the aging process.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## At The End Of Your Turn

Each hero rolls one die and ages that many decades. Whenever an explorer enters a new decade, the following results occur:

## Decade Results

20s: Gain 1 Might and 1 Speed.
30s: Gain 1 Sanity and 1 Knowledge.
40s: Lose 1 Speed and gain 1 Sanity.
50s: Lose 1 point in a physical trait and 1 point in a mental trait.
60s: Lose 1 Might and 1 Speed, and take 1 point of mental damage.
70s+ Lose 1 point in each of your four traits.

The effects are cumulative. For example, if a character went from his 40s to his 60s in one turn, he would lose 1 Might and 1 Knowledge as he went through his 50s and then lose another point of Might, Speed, and Knowledge as he entered his 60s.

## Feeding off Death

Whenever a hero dies (for any reason), you may immediately roll three dice and add the resulting total to any trait or combination of traits on your character card.

## The Medallion

The traitor can't possess the Medallion.

## If You Win ...

_Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Death doth find us all ... well, almost all. You feel just fine, thank you. Leaving the house, you shut the door again and say adieu, until next decade._