# 45 -- Tick, Tick, Tick

_You giggle uncontrollably as you consider your handiwork. You have strapped a bomb to each of the explorers. Now they can't help but respect and serve you._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

If you don't have the Dynamite card, either take it from the explorer who has it or search through the item stack, take the card, and shuffle that stack.

Set up the Turn/Damage Track with a plastic clip at 0. You'll need it to keep track of time.

## What You Know About the Heroes

You've strapped a time bomb to each of them. They're trying to defuse the bombs.

## You Win When ...

... either all of the heroes are dead or you complete the Big Bomb.

## The Big Bomb

You complete the Big Bomb on Turn 12. Then the Big Bomb explodes, and everyone dies.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the end of your turn, advance the Turn/DamageTrack to the next number, beginning with 1. Then add that number to the total number of heroes still in the game. Roll that many dice (maximum of 8). If the result is 8+, the living hero closest to your left with an active time bomb explodes. That hero and every other hero in the same room is killed. Any items or omens carried by those heroes are destroyed (those cards are discarded).

## Special Attack Rules

You cannot move; whatever room you are in at the beginning of the haunt is where you must stay. You're working contentedly on your Big Bomb. If you are in the Mystic Elevator, it will no longer move.

You have a proximity trigger to activate the time bombs. After the end of your first turn, any explorer wearing a time bomb who enters your room or a room adjacent to you immediately explodes, along with all of that character's items and omens. (The rooms don't need to have connecting doors.) All heroes in the same room with them (and their items and omens) also explode. You are not affected by these explosions.

Once a hero's bomb is deactivated, he or she cannot be blown up by an 8+ roll or by moving adjacent to you. You will need to either wait until the Big Bomb goes off or wait for that hero to come into your room so you can attack him or her.

You can use the Dynamite in the room you're in (instead of using it to attack an adjacent room with a connecting door), but you aren't affected by it.

## If You Win ...

_The bomb is beautiful. A true work of art. The culmination of all your skill and mad desire. It is time to show the world its glory!._