# 46 -- The Feast

_As you wander the corridors, you smell the aroma of a delicious banquet. You have been invited to a feast! As you try to guess the main course, your anticipation soon turns to fiendish delight. Human body parts scattered through the hallways, half-gnawed and overcooked, lead to a severed human head on a silver platter. Your friends in the Old House on the Hill have prepared your favorite meal._
_You are a civilized cannibal, and the freaks in the house are ready to help you prepare the next course: the victims you brought here yourself._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

If the Dining Room isn't in the house, search the room stack for it and put it on the ground floor. Then shuffle that stack.

Put a number of Cannibal Freak tokens (crimson) equal to the number of heroes in the Dining Room.

## What You Know About the Heroes

Victims captured by the Cannibal Freaks have just escaped from the Attic. The heroes will probably try to save them.

## You Win When ...

... either all the Victims are eaten or all of the heroes are dead. If even one Victim escapes through the front door, you can only win by killing all of the heroes.

## Special Attack Rules

#### Cannibal Freaks: Speed 2, Might 4, Sanity 4

If a Cannibal Freak would be stunned by an attack, it's killed instead.

If a Cannibal Freak or the traitor makes a successful attack against a Victim, the Victim dies rather than being stunned or hurt, and the attacker can feast. Victims do no damage if they are unsuccessfully attacked.

Traitors and Freaks do not slow Victims; Victims do not slow Traitors and Freaks.

## Feasting

When a Victim is killed, it becomes a Corpse (flip its Victim token over to the Corpse side). When an explorer is killed, knock over the dead explorer's figure. If you're in the same room as a Corpse or dead explorer at the start of your turn, you or a Cannibal Freak can "feast" on that body as long as there is no living explorer in the room with you.

If you spend an entire turn feasting on a Corpse or dead explorer (taking no other actions), you add 1 to each of your traits. A Cannibal Freak can also increase its traits in this way. (Keep track of increased traits on a piece of paper.) Once a Victim or hero Corpse has been eaten, remove it from play.

## If You Win ...

_You raise the head of your victim high and chant the final ritual phrase: "Through flesh and bone and blood I am become flesh and bone and blood no more!" Power floods through your body, and you can feel mortality slip from your cells._
_Immortality fills the empty vessel of your flesh. The cannibal freaks bow down and worship you._
