# 47 -- Worm Ouroboros

_You feel your body stretch. Your skull splits into two halves, and your body separates down the middle, becoming an incredibly long snake. Your arms and legs merge into the snakelike body. You feel huge, and you want to grow even larger. You feel a need stronger than anything you have ever felt -- a need so strong you feel you could crush the world. Maybe you'll start by crushing this house._

## Right Now

Remove your figure from the game. You are now a giant, two-headed snake monster: the Worm Ouroboros.

You drop all your items to the floor; place an Item Pile token in the revelation room (the room where the haunt was revealed). If you have the Girl, Dog, or Madman, you devour them, and they are discarded.

Put the two Ouroboros Head tokens (large) in the revelation room.

Set aside 16 Ouroboros Body tokens (blue).

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to kill you.

## You Win When ...

... you put all 16 Ouroboros Body tokens inside the house. Then you'll be large enough to destroy the house and escape.

Ouroboros' Heads can't be stunned.

During your turn, roll a separate die for each Ouroboros Head to see how many spaces it can move. Add Ouroboros Body tokens to the rooms each Ouroboros Head vacates if there were none in those rooms. Each room can have only one Ouroboros Body token.

You can move through rooms that already have Ouroboros Body tokens; you just don't add an Ouroboros Body token to those rooms.

You can't move through the Secret Stairs, through the Secret Passage, or into the Mystic Elevator.

Each Ouroboros Head can discover new rooms. Ignore any symbols on those rooms. Discovering a room with a symbol does not end a Head's movement if it has rolled a 2 for movement.

## Special Attack Rules

#### The Worm Ouroboros: Speed 1, Might 6

Once the heroes manage to complete a special ritual, they will be able to attack your Heads. Each Ouroboros Head must be hit a number of times equal to half the number of players (rounded up). When this happens, the head is killed. Keep track of the number of hits with the Turn/Damage Track.

Only the Ouroboros Heads can attack, but both Ouroboros Head and Body tokens affect explorer movement as described on page 12 of the rulebook. Explorers do not affect movement of the Ouroboros Heads.

Ouroboros isn't affected by the Revolver or any other Speed attack.

## If You Win ...

_You have encircled the house. Your massive coils loop around it, crushing the timbers and preparing them for your supper. You grow larger and more powerful with the energies released. Soon, you will grow great enough to circle the world and capture it within your coils._
_And after the world is yours, the stars must surely follow._
