# 48 -- Stacked Like Cordwood

_While you were driving to this mansion, you told your companions about a series of grisly deaths that took place here five years ago. A group of teenagers sneaked away from the safety of their summer camp to explore the Old House on the Hill. They hoped for an amorous interlude ... until a madman slaughtered them one by one. You told them that the murderer couldn't be killed and that his mangled body always returned to kill again._
_There's a good reason why you know so much. That madman was a distant relative of yours. He's coming back to the Old House again, and he's going to need victims ... ._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Crimson Jack token (large) in the Entrance Hall, right next to the front door.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're looking for a weapon capable of killing Crimson Jack.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead.

## Crimson Jack

#### Crimson Jack: Speed 3, Might 3, Sanity 3

If Crimson Jack is defeated, he is temporarily removed from the house instead of being stunned or taking damage. At the beginning of your next turn, Crimson Jack returns; put his token in the Entrance Hall again.

Each time Crimson Jack returns, add 1 to each of his traits (write this down on a piece of paper).

Crimson Jack projects an aura of fear. At the beginning of each hero's turn, if that explorer is in the same room as Crimson Jack, that character must succeed on a Sanity roll of 3+ or lose 1 point from a mental trait and 1 point from a physical trait.

## If You Win ...

_Crimson Jack's hulking form looms over the body of your friend. He turns to you, his pale face distorted by a giant grin that never dies. But already you grow bored. Not to worry. You're sure you saw a frat house just down the road ... ._
