# 49 -- You Wear It Well

_When you were only five years old, you found a spirit in your Mommy's bedroom preparing to steal her soul. You begged the spirit not to do it, and it didn't ... for a price. You've brought your friends here today to pay that price with their souls._
_Now your friends are falling to the floor. A powerful spirit has forced their souls from their bodies, casting them out into astral space. Life isn't fair ... but little kids need their Mommies._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.

Put the Astral Spirit token (light green) in the same room as your character.

The Astral Spirit has forced the Souls of the heroes out of their physical bodies. Their bodies are now unconscious.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to destroy the Astral Spirit. Once they do, they can enter their physical bodies again.

## You Win When ...

... either all the heroes' Souls are destroyed or the Astral Spirit inhabits the soulless body of a hero.

## How the Spirit Inhabits a Body

#### Astral Spirit: Speed 3, Sanity 6, Knowledge 6

Once you destroy a hero's Soul, the Astral Spirit can attempt a ritual to enter that hero's soulless body.

• Once during each of its turns, the Astral Spirit can attempt a Sanity roll to affect a hero's body in the same room. To succeed, it must roll a result higher than the starting Sanity of the explorer whose body it's trying to inhabit. Each time it
succeeds, put a Sanity Roll token (triangular) next to that body.

• When a hero's body has a number of Sanity Roll tokens next to it equal to the number of players, the Astral Spirit inhabits that body, and you win.
Astral Spirit

The Astral Spirit can move through walls.

The Astral Spirit can't attack an explorer's physical body. It can attack an explorer's Soul but only with a Sanity or Knowledge attack.

The Astral Spirit isn't stunned if defeated.

## Defeating Explorers' Souls

You can attack a hero's unconscious body. That hero can't defend against your attacks. Roll two dice and inflict that much mental damage to the hero.

If you destroy a hero's Soul with an attack on its body (by lowering its Knowledge or Sanity to the skull symbol), the Astral Spirit can't inhabit that body.

## If You Win ...

_The body of one of your friends staggers upright, gasping as if just learning to breathe for the first time. There's nothing really different about your friend ... yet everything is different. Your friend looks at you and whispers, "Ahhhh ... it has been so long since I have worn a coat of flesh."_
_"You wear it well," you say. And the spirit does, it really does._
