# 5 -- I Was a Teenage Lycanthrope

_Moonlight streams into the room, caressing your skin. You stumble to a window and stare up at the full moon. Your mind begins to scream as it dies, even as your body howls with delight and newfound power._

## Right Now

Put a Wolf token (orange) on your explorer's character card.

You are now a Werewolf. Drop all of your items. If you have the Girl or the Madman, you lose custody of them. Set those cards aside and adjust your traits accordingly. Their tokens (crimson) remain in the same room.
Raise any trait below its starting number to that number. You then get to increase your traits by one point for each hero in the game. For example, if there are three heroes, you get three points to spend on increasing your traits (not three points in every trait).

## What You Know About the Heroes

You probably knew something about them, but you're now too wolfish to remember.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are either dead or have changed into Werewolves.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

At the beginning of each of your turns, you gain 1 Might and 1 Speed. You cannot raise a trait above the maximum printed on your card.

## The Dog

#### The Dog: Speed 6, Might 4, Sanity 3

The Dog is now a monster that you control. Put the Dog token (orange) into the same room as your explorer. Ignore the text on the Dog card.

## Special Attack Rules

Whenever you or the Dog defeats an explorer, that character takes damage normally. At the start of each of that explorer's subsequent turns, that character must attempt a Sanity roll of 4+ to resist the Werewolf's curse. If the explorer fails, that character becomes a Werewolf and is no longer a hero. That player can then read this haunt in the Traitor's Tome and do everything listed under "Right Now."
None of a Werewolf's traits can be moved to the skull marker unless you are attacked with a special item described in the heroes' tome. All damage that you take from any other source is halved (rounded up).
Neither you nor the Dog can carry items or use elevators.
If the traitor wins and a Werewolf has killed a hero, the player controlling that Werewolf wins too.

## If You Win ...

_You glide through the house and out into the gardens, enjoying the soothing tang of blood upon your tongue. With a flick of your tail you leap the mossy wall and land beside the driveway. Already you can smell the ashen- sweat scent of more humans less than a mile away._
_Tonight's hunt has only just begun._