# 6 -- The Floating Eye

_Your masters are finally here. You grovel on the ground as a giant, floating eye descends from the ship and hovers just above you. It is time for your friends to discover the truth and bow before their new masters._

## Right Now

If there are three or four players, set aside one Alien token (blue). If there are five or six players, set aside two Alien tokens. Put the Alien token (or tokens) in the room where this haunt was revealed. Put the Spaceship token (pentagonal) there as well.

Put your explorer's figure on the Spaceship token. Your explorer, along with all of that character's items and omens, is now out of the game, awaiting transport.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to keep you from abducting them. They have a way to free themselves from the Aliens' mind control ability.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are either dead or on the Spaceship.

## Special Attack Rules

#### The Aliens: Speed 4, Might 6, Sanity 6

Instead of making a Might attack, you may choose to have an Alien make a Sanity attack against each of the explorers in the same room. Resolve each attack separately. If an explorer defeats the Alien during this special attack, neither figure takes damage. If an Alien defeats an explorer, that character doesn't take damage but falls under the Alien's control instead.
Once you take control of an explorer, you move that explorer toward the Spaceship on his or her turn. The controlled hero does not need to roll or take damage from room tiles. Controlled heroes may not attack or take other actions. After the explorer gets to the room with the Spaceship, that explorer boards the Spaceship at the beginning of his or her next turn. That character is then out of the game.
The heroes know a secret way to free each other from an Alien's mind control ability. The Aliens can only control someone once. When an explorer is freed, that character becomes immune to the Alien's mind- control ability.
The Aliens are immune to Speed attacks (such as the Revolver and Dynamite).
Aliens that are stunned can still maintain control of any heroes they have defeated in Sanity combat.

## If You Win ...

_Your masters are pleased, so pleased with your gift to them. Your friends will make most excellent hosts for your masters' xenobiological experiments. And, of course, the masters have promised to let you keep their eyes as souvenirs._
