# 7 -- Carnivorous Ivy

_You've always liked plants. Philodendrons, azaleas, asters, and vines -- oh, yes, vines. Now you can feel the vines creeping up the sides of the mansion and slithering through the windows. You know you must help the vines grow and grow. What do plants need to thrive? Light, water ... and fertilizer. What would make a nice fertilizer? Ah! Of course! Your friends!_

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor. If you currently possess the Book, you must drop it. You cannot pick it up later.
Set aside a number of pairs of Root and Tip tokens (orange) equal to twice the number of players (up to a maximum of 10 pairs). Each pair of these tokens represents a "creeper."
Put the Root tokens in the following "creeper rooms:" Entrance Hall, Balcony, Bedroom, Chapel, Conservatory, Dining Room, Gardens, Grand Staircase, Graveyard, Master Bedroom, Patio, and Tower. You can't put more than one Root token in a room. If there are more creeper rooms in play than Root tokens, you choose which rooms have Roots. If you have more Roots than creeper rooms, you can place additional Roots when additional rooms are discovered.
Put a matching Tip in each room with a Root.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're up to something ... something that can destroy your beloved vines.

## You Win When ...

... all of the heroes are dead or the special item they've made has been destroyed. (They can make this item using the rules in Secrets of Survival.) To destroy the special item, first steal it from whichever hero has it, then end your turn in the Chasm, Furnace Room, or Underground Lake and cast it to its doom.

## Creepers

#### Creepers: Speed 2, Might 5, Sanity 3

As a creeper expands, you can move the Tip of the creeper, but the Root never leaves the room where it started. Only the Tips of creepers can attack or be attacked.
If a Tip enters the Mystic Elevator, the Elevator won't function until the Tip leaves.
Roots don't slow hero movement as described on page 12 of the rules, but Tips do.

## Special Attack Rules

Roots don't move and can't attack or be attacked, but Tips can.
If a creeper's Tip defeats a hero, the hero takes no damage. That character is grabbed and drops all items, which remain in that room.
A grabbed hero may not be attacked by any other Tips but may be attacked by you.
When a Tip starts its turn with an explorer already grabbed, it moves two spaces that turn toward its matching Root instead of taking its normal movement. A Tip can take any path back to the Root. Tips carrying explorers can't attack.
At the beginning of a creeper's turn, any grabbed characters at that creeper's Root are killed and mulched. A creeper that kills an explorer is removed from the game.
The Bell has no effect on grabbed heroes. The Spirit Board has no effect on Tips.

## If You Win ...

_You lie in the master bedroom watching the vines creep across the ceiling above you and slither across the sheets. The house is so peaceful now. Soon you will have to find more "friends" to feed your precious vines._
_You always did have a green thumb._
