# 8 -- Wail of the Banshee

_First you hear a faint sound from just outside the room, as if someone were scrambling up the walls or scraping long talons across them. A few seconds later, you catch a glimpse of tattered, silver robes swirling across the edge of your vision. You turn to run to the door just as you hear something enter the room behind you. The creature sighs._
_The sound creeps across the room, and you feel a terrible chill boring into your heart. Death is nigh, but not for you. The spirit board protects you from your darling's deadly voice. If you can just be alone with her, you know she will agree to stay with you ... for eternity ... ._

## Right Now

Your character is still in the game but has turned traitor.
Put a Banshee token (large) in the room with your character.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They plan to silence the Banshee.

## You Win When ...

... all the heroes are dead.

## The Banshee

#### The Banshee: Speed 8

The Banshee usually moves according to its own plan. It always moves as many spaces as its Speed roll. Each time you can move the Banshee, roll two dice to determine how it moves:
0. Put the monster in any room up to 7 tiles away. It does not pass through any other rooms this turn.
1. Choose which room it moves into first. For the rest of its movement this turn, it always turns left, if possible.
2. Choose which room it moves into first. For the rest of its movement this turn, it always moves straight ahead, if possible. If the only options it has are turning left or right, determine randomly which way it goes.
3. Choose which room it moves into first. For the rest of its movement this turn, it always turns right, if possible.
4. This turn, you control the Banshee's movement, but its wail can only affect one explorer once.

Another way of describing moves 1 and 3 above is that the Banshee "hugs" the left or right wall. If a left- turning Banshee can't turn left, it will go straight; if it can't go straight, it will turn right; and if it's in a dead-end room, then it will leave the way it entered. The Banshee can't affect or be affected by the movement of others. Like any monster, it can't discover new rooms.

If the Banshee enters the Upper Landing, the Collapsed Room, the Gallery, the Foyer (when Stairs from Basement is in play), or a room with the Secret Stairs, Secret Passage, or Wall Switch tokens, you may decide whether to move it to the corresponding room elsewhere as its next move. If you move it elsewhere, you may also decide its facing in its new room. It may not use the Mystic Elevator.

If the Banshee passes through a room with an explorer or stops in the same room as an explorer, it wails. Each explorer in the room must attempt a Sanity roll:

- 6+ Roll a die and take that much mental damage.
- 3-5 Roll two dice and take that much mental damage.
- 0-2 Roll four dice and take that much mental damage.

You are immune to the Banshee's wail as long as you have the Spirit Board. If you lose the Spirit Board, you can be affected by the Banshee's wail.

## Special Attack Rules

The Banshee can't be attacked.

## If You Win ...

_The banshee's silver hair wraps around you as you stare into her ice-cold eyes. Now, it is just the two of you and your love's haunting song. Together. Forever._
