# 9 -- The Dance of Death

_Every clock in the house strikes midnight, even though you're sure it isn't that late. As the clocks quiet, a lone fiddler begins a haunting melody that floats through the air, calling you to dance. The music makes your soul shrivel, but it also makes your lips curl up into a smile. Your mind struggles and screams and then ... ._
_Why did you ever resist the power of the fiddler's beautiful music? Joy and wonder fill your soul. The dance must go on forever. You cannot bear to let anyone stop it._

## Right Now

This haunt doesn't begin with a traitor. Each hero has a chance of becoming a traitor during his or her turn.
Raise any trait below its starting number to that number.

## What You Know About the Heroes

They're trying to stop the music.

## You Win When ...

... the Holy Symbol has been destroyed. To destroy the Holy Symbol, first steal it from whichever hero has it. Then end your turn in the Chasm, Furnace Room, or Underground Lake, and cast the Holy Symbol to its doom.

## You Must Do This On Your Turn

Dance until your feet go numb. Each turn, you must attempt a Might roll.
- 3+ No effect.
- 0-2 You can't move this turn. Lose 1 Might.

Unlike the heroes, you don't need to attempt a Sanity roll at the start of each turn if you don't have the Holy Symbol.

## Special Attack Rules

All of your attacks are whirling torrents of energy. You can't make Might attacks; you make Speed vs. Speed attacks instead.
If you inflict 2 or more points of damage with a Speed attack, you can steal an item from your opponent instead of inflicting that damage.

## If You Win ...

_Hauntingly beautiful, driving, melodic, tragic, and joyous, the music fills the rooms of the ancient mansion. Dancers spin through the ballroom as the fiddler plays on. The dance is so joyous, so enticing, that the dancers would die rather than stop._
_And so they shall._